#hotel#
1 am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel	okay do you have a specific area you want to stay in ?
2 no i just need to make sure it s cheap oh and i need parking	i found 1 cheap hotel for you that includes parking do you like me to book it ?
3 yes please 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday	i am sorry but i wasn t able to book that for you for tuesday is there another day you would like to stay or perhaps a shorter stay ?
4 how about only 2 nights	booking was successful reference number is : 7gawk763 anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that will be all good bye	thank you for using our services

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay in the north please	there are 13 places to stay in the north do you have any other criteria ?
2 i don t want to have to pay for parking	i have 5 different gueshouses listed for what day and for how many please ?
3 for 3 people starting on wednesday and staying 2 nights	there are 11 hotels available actually would you like to narrow it to a specific price range or star rating ?
4 just a guesthouse in the north with free parking i ll need a reference number then too please	i was able to get you in at archway house your reference number is wumuz0jx can i help you with anything else ?
5 that s all i need today thanks ! bye !	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant it is called pizza hut city centre	it s a cheap italian place in the centre at regent street city centre cb21ab the phone number is 01223323737 would you like more info ?
2 that sounds like just the place ! can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on thursday ?	you re all set i ve got a table for 2 at 19:45 this thursday your reference number is f3k2pqzz
3 ok sounds good thank you !	you are welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
4 that is all thank you for your help !	you re welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive italian restaurant	there is an expensive italian restaurant named frankie and bennys at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton would you like to go there or choose another ?
2 great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on sunday ?	unfortunately there are no tables available please try another day or time slot
3 how about 10:30 on sunday ? and may i have a reference number ?	i was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on sunday your reference number is mbc9e6al is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that is all thank you so much for your help	you re welcome good-bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from london liverpool please	i ll be glad to help you would like to from london liverpool street to what destination please ?
2 cambridge i d like to leave after 10:00 on friday	i have seven trains could you tell me when you would like to arrive by ?
3 just any time after 10:00 can i get the train id of one of them please ?	tr7943 leaves at 11:39
4 thank you very much ! that is all i need for today	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called autumn house	i have the autumn house it is at 710 newmarket road would you like the phone number ?
2 no thanks would you book the autumn house for me starting on monday please	how many people would be staying and how many days will you be staying ?
3 that s for 8 people and it s for 2 nights	i m sorry your booking was unsuccessful would you like to book another day or a shorter stay ?
4 could you try wednesday instead ?	booking was successful reference number is : 3h0whd4z
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for calling and goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre can you look this up for me ?	there are three hotels in the center of town do you prefer something moderate or expensive ?
2 not in terms of that but do they have free parking and have a 3 star rating ?	the gonville hotel has 3 stars and parking and the university arms hotel has 4 stars and parking they are both expensive would you like more details ?
3 okay i d like to book a room at the gonville hotel for 4 nights there will be 6 people and we will be arriving on saturday	i m sorry there are no rooms available for that length of stay could you shorten your stay or book a different day possibly ?
4 yes what about 2 nights instead of 4 ?	sure that worked you have booked 2 nights and your reference number is ru89u6v8 can i be of further help today ?
5 no that looks like everything thanks bye	you re welcome enjoy your stay !

#attraction#
1 can you please help me find a place to go ?	i ve found 79 places for you to go do you have any specific ideas in mind ?
2 i d like a sports place in the centre please	there are no results matching your query can i try a different area or type ?
3 okay are there any cinemas in the centre ?	we have vue cinema
4 okay that will work can you please tell me their phone number postcode and the entrance fee ?	vue can be reached at 08712240240 the postcode is cb11ps i do not have entrance fee information i m sorry
5 no worries i ll give them a call and find out thanks so much for all your help goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#train#
1 am looking for a train,it should go to cambridge and should depart from norwich	what time and day are you looking to travel ?
2 yes i would like travel on monday and i would need to arrive by 08:30	trainid tr9020 leaves norwich on monday and arrives in cambridge at 06:35
3 what is the price for the train ?	the cost will be 17.60 pounds would you like more information about that ?
4 what time does the train leave ?	it leaves at 05:16
5 thanks that s all good bye	goodbye and thanks for using the help desk

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a four star hotel on the north side	i have eight results do you need free parking ?
2 not really and i m not really concerned with wifi either which one do you recommend ?	how about acorn guest house ? it s located at 154 chesterton road
3 what is the hotel s rating ?	it is rated 4 stars
4 actually could you double check whether the acorn has free wifi ?	yes it does would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
5 yes please do i ll be arriving thursday they ll be 6 of us and we d like to stay for 4 nights	yes it does
6 ok can you please pay attention to my questions ? i need a room please	sorry about that ! you are booked at the acorn for 4 nights starting thursday ref #zuc5szap can i be of any further assistance today ?
7 no that will be all thanks !	let us know if you need anything elsecheers

#hotel#
1 could you help me find the cambridge belfry ?	the cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel the address is back lane cambourne and the phone number is cb236bw
2 thank you can you book it for me ?	of course when would you like to stay ?
3 i would like to check in on saturday for 2 nights there will be 4 of us	your reservation was successfully made the reference number is pj9d98by can i help you with anything else ?
4 nope that s all i needed thank you	thank you if you need anything else let me know.good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	would you prefer british indian or chinese food or a gastropub ?
2 i don t have a preference	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please give me their address	their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the address and food ?	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food and is located at 20 milton road chesterton or royal spice serves indian food and is on victoria avenue chesterton
2 thank you	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i d like to find a train that leaves monday and arrives by 19:00	very well where are you traveling from and to where ?
2 i am departing from birmingham new street going to cambridge	i have a train that departs at 15:40 and arrives in cambridge at 18:23 will that do ?
3 that would work just fine could you tell me the price and travel time for that train ?	the tr5385 has a travel time of 163 minutes would you like me to book you some tickets ?
4 no i don t want to book today could you just give me the price for that train ? i think that is all i need today	sure the price of those tickets are 75.10 pounds each
5 great ! that s all i need thank you for your help	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#train#
1 i need a train that leaves on sunday for broxbourne	i have 19 trains going to broxbourne on sunday to help narrow it down where would you like to depart from and what time ?
2 i want it to leave from cambridge after 09:15	let me look up those times for you one minute
3 not looking to book can i just get the train id price and travel time ? thanks !	i m sorry i m not finding that fits those criteria is there a different time you could leave ?
4 there are no trains going to broxbourne from cambridge on sunday after 09:15 ?	no i m sorry it doesn t appear that those trains run on sundays is there a different day you could travel ? also will you leave from broxbourne or cambridge ?
5 i need to go to broxbourne from cambridge on sunday leaving any time after 9:15 please check again with those details please	i m terribly sorry -- you are correct there are trains every hour at one minute past there is a 10:01 train on sunday for example travel time is 60 minutes
6 great what s the train id and price ?	the trainid is tr9580 which leaves at 10:01 the price from cambridge to broxbourne is 14.32 pounds do you need additional information ?
7 yes what is the duration of the train ride ?	the duration is six minutes can i get you a ticket ?
8 no that s all right	let us know if you need anything else

#attraction#
1 someone told me about a place called old schools it s supposed to be some kind of attraction can you tell me anything about it ?	old schools is an architecture museum in the centre area the admission is free would you like tickets ?
2 yes please that would be great	i just checked and it is free the address is trinity lane and the phone number is 01223332320 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that is all for today thanks so much !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#attraction#
1 hello i m looking for the museum of classical archaeology could you tell me more about it ?	certainly the museum of classical archaeology is located at sidgwick avenue and has free entrance phone 01223335153 do you also need the postcode ?
2 yes i d like that thank you so much !	the postcode for the museum of classical archaeology is cb39da is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no you ve been very helpful thank you bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i want an expensive restaurant east part of town please	royal standard is a gastropub in east is this ok ?
2 is there any other expensive restaurant in east ?	yes there are four other options what kind of food would you like ?
3 it doesn t matter just not gastropub	may i recommend the grafton hotel restaurant then ? they re very british very expensive and located in the east part of town
4 that sounds like something i would enjoy could you give me the address and phone number ?	certainly the grafton hotel restaurant is at 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the number there is 01223 241387 can i be of further assistance ?
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant	i m sorry but there aren t any moderately priced polish restaurants should i check other price ranges or a different type of food ?
2 yes can you please check for a turkish restaurant ?	there are two results anatolia restaurant and efes restaurant both server turkish food in the moderate price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 may i have the address for anatolia ?	yes the address for anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town	there are several options available in the town centre is there a particular cuisine that you would prefer ? asian chinese indian italian mediterranean modern european portuguese or spanish ?
2 i want a restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food	unfortunately i don t happen to have a listing that matches your request would you like me to try a different price range or cuisine style ?
3 are there any chinese restaurants ?	yes there are 3 chinese restaurants that are in the cheap price range i would recommend the golden house would you like for me to book you a table ?
4 yes please book it for around 20:00 for 3 people	what day would you like to book ?
5 actually scratch that i don t want to book the restaurant could you give me the phone number for the golden house ?	their phone number is 01842753771 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 can you give me the address and postcode as well ?	the golden house is located at 12 lensfield road city centre their postcode is cb21eg can i help you with anything else ?
7 no that s it thanks a bunch	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for some info on the worth house hotel	the worth house hotel is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the north it provides parking and internet the address is 152 chesterton road postcode cb41da the phone number is 01223316074
2 thank you so much !	you re welcome can i make a reservation for you ?
3 i m not ready to book but i appreciate your help thanks !	you re welcome ! don t hesitate to call if you d like to make a reservation later

#hotel#
1 i would like to know more about rosa s b&b	sure rosa s is located on the south side of town is in the cheap price range and is rated 4 stars
2 okay great can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from saturday ?	i m sorry rosa s does not have rooms available for those days would you like to try a different hotel ?
3 yes do you have a different cheap hotel available ?	i have none in the same area would a different are be okay ?
4 just please can you find a place in the same price range i ll need a reference number please	alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked reference number is a36615hd
5 thank you so much !	thank you for using our system !

#hotel#
1 good afternoon can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town centre ?	i sure can i found a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel do you have a preference ?
2 it should be a hotel type hotel not a guesthouse	how about the gonville hotel located in the centre of town is in the expensive price range ?
3 yes that sounds good could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on saturday ? i think we ll stay for 3 nights	booking was successful reference number is : krjnyv0q
4 great thank you for your help	you are very welcome ! is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all thank you	thank you good day to you

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should leave on tuesday and should depart from peterborough	there are several trains that meet that criteria what destination are you looking for ?
2 i need to leave from peterborough	how about tr5042 that arrives at 05:19 ?
3 i d like to arrive by 10:45 do you have something close to that time ?	there are several trains that meet that criteria what time would you like to depart ?
4 departure time doesn t matter just want to arrive by 10:45 so whatever is closest to that arrival time	great i have a train that meets your criteria would you like me to book it for you ?
5 wait does this train go to cambridge ? that s my destination	yes i have a train that arrives at cambridge on tuesday at 10:38 would you like me to book that for you ?
6 yes please book it	i d be happy to help with your request how many tickets do you need ?
7 just one please	booking was successful the total fee is 16.5 gbp payable at the station reference number is : ormu35ru
8 i didn t actually need to reserve a seat could you comfirm the departure time of that train ?	tr9620 leaves at 09:48 do you need anything else ?
9 no that s all i need for now thanks !	you re welcome have a safe trip !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a place in the centre of town that is a nightclub	there are 5 nightclubs in the centre area the one with the lowest entrance fee is soul tree nightclub which is 4 pounds to get in
2 that sounds like it will work can i get their address and postcode ?	of course ! they re located at 1-6 corn exchange street with postcode cb23qf anything else i can do for you ?
3 no that s all i need today thank you for your help !	you are welcome ! have fun ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a danish restaurant	there are no danish restaurants listed may i direct you toward another restaurant ?
2 how about north american food ?	there is one listing for north american food gourmet burger kitchen in centre part of town
3 what is their phone number and postcode ?	postcode: c.b 2 1 a.b phone number is 01223 312598
4 is there anything else ?	that is the only restaurant serving north american food
5 could you give me the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is c.b 2 1 a.b
6 thank you good bye	thank you for using our service good bye

#restaurant#
1 is there a restaurant on the north side of town ?	there are several restaurants in the north part of town do you have a preference of price range or type of food ?
2 i don t care	city stop restaurant is an expensive restaurant on the north side of town
3 i would like a restaurant serving swedish food in the north part of town	i m sorry but there are no swedish serving restaurants in that area would you like to expand your search ?
4 how about indian food ?	the royal spice restaurant has a cheap price range
5 what is the address phone number and price range ?	it s address is victoria avenue chesterton and phone number is 01733 553355
6 thank you goodbye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food	do you have a specific area in mind ?
2 it doesn t matter	no restaurants serving persian food have been found
3 can i have an european restaurant instead ?	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it is serving european food is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i need the address and phone number	the address of cambridge lodge restaurant is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and the phone number is 01223 355166 may i help you with anything else ?
5 no that does it thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 i need to book a train from cambridge and norwich on wednesday and i need to be there at 15:30	when would you like to leave by ?
2 i don t care when i leave as long as i get there by 15:30	there are 9 trains matching your query shall i book one ?
3 can i get the departure and travel time of the train arriving closest to 15:30 ?	the travel time is 79 minutes
4 and the departure time please ? for the train that arrives closest to 15:30 ?	the departure time is 13:38 and it arrives at 14:55 would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no thank you and that is all i needed	thank you have a nice day goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train to birmingham new street that arrives by 8:00	where are you departing from ?
2 i am leaving from cambridge on tuesday	okay i ve got a training leaving at 5:01 and arriving by 07:44 will that be good ?
3 perfect i d like 8 tickets please	okay i have booked you 8 tickets on this train your reference number is e4459ytn is there anything else ?
4 okay thank you for your help that is all i believe	sure glad to have helped

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to go to london kings cross	there are several available option to travel to kings cross today what time would you like to travel ?
2 i need to travel after 9am	there are 56 trains how does the tr2000 train that leaves at 9 am sound ?
3 that will be ok thank you for your help	can i look up anything else for you ?
4 that s on wednesday right ?	no that s on friday actually on wednesday i have tr6583 departing cambridge at 9:00 going to london king s cross will that work for you ?
5 okay very good what s the train id on that please ?	tr6583 would you like for me to get you tickets ?
6 yes please book that train for me	sure will you be traveling alone ?
7 yes it s just going to be me	i ve booked you a ticket the fee is 23.6 gbp payable at the station the reference number is 3xi4v3c1 is there anything else i can assist with ?
8 no that s all thank you	thanks for your service
9 have a nice day	have a great day let me know if you need any other help
10 i will thanks again !	you re welcome please call us again if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food	i am sorry there are no person food eateries in the centre would you like to find a different type of food ?
2 yes i am looking for a moderate price range	i m sorry we have no persian restaurants in the centre
3 what about modern european foods ?	riverside brasserie looks good would you like a reservation ?
4 yes i want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on sunday	sorry the restaurant doesn t have any openings for that date and time
5 ok ill check latter	alright have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	the lucky star is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town
2 are there any other places ?	nandos is a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south would you like their information ?
3 sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve portuguese food
4 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
5 that sounds yummy what is their address and phone number ?	nandos s address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you bye bye !	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is it possible to get any greek food in the centre part of town ?	sorry i m showing no results for greek restaurants any other foods you d like to have ?
2 what about chinese food ?	charlie chan has some great reviews
3 book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 1j6y65lw
4 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant with chinese food	there are several cheap chinese restaurants would you prefer any certain area of town ?
2 south part of town	the lucky star is the only cheap chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like any contact information ?
3 yes what is their phone number and address ?	the lucky star restaurant is on cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277
4 excellent thanks a lot i think that s everything i need	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food	i m sorry but i cannot find any jamaican restaurant located in the south
2 are there ant jamaican restaurants in any part of town ?	unfortunately there are not would you be interested in a different cuisine ?
3 how about portuguese food instead ?	nandos is located on the south side at cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
4 awesome thank you !	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 hello i d like to find a train to cambridge on thursday please	and where will you be leaving from ?
2 i would like to leave from stansted airport after 11:45	i can book you on train tr9775 leaving stansted airport going to cambridge thursday at 12:24 will that work ?
3 how much does it cost and when does it arrive ?	it arrives at 12:52 and costs 10.10 pounds would you like a booking ?
4 not at this time thank you	ok is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 nope that s all i need thanks !	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town ?	there are no restaurants matching those preferences would you like a different restaurant ?
2 how about one serving mediterranean food ?	there is a cheap mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town it is called the gardenia
3 that sounds good what is their phone number and postcode ?	the gardenia is in the postcode c.b 2 3 ll their phone number is 01223 356354
4 thank you !	your welcome is there anything i could help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town	i found 21 restaurants available do you have a type of food you would prefer ?
2 i would like lebanese food	how does ali baba ? i recommend it would you like for me to book a table ?
3 yes i want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday	great i have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3 your reference number is 5ly9wsf1 may i help with anything else ?
4 no i think that s all i need thank you !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo service and have a wonderful day !

#hotel#
1 i would like a four star hotel	i can help you with that is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in ?
2 no but i need it to have free parking and cheap	there are several like that would you like to book a room at rosa s bed and breakfast or perhaps one of the others ?
3 i m looking for a hotel type place to stay are any of those hotels ?	the cambridge belfry is a four star hotel in the cheap price range would you like me to book it for you ?
4 cambridge belfry sounds great can i get the reference number once you make that reservation ?	what day do you want to start your stay for how many days and how many people ?
5 4 people 5 nights on saturday if that s not available try a different one same price range	i am sorry i could not make that booking would you like to try another hotel ?
6 yes one that is in the same price range	autumn house is a cheap guest house in the east would you like me to book that for you ?
7 yes that sounds great please try to book it	that one was successful ! your reference number is rez4br01
8 thank you that s all i needed today	enjoy your stay in cambridge goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern european food	there are 4 matching restaurants what price range would you like ?
2 i would like one in the expensive price range please	darry s cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests it s at 40270 king street
3 do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on tuesday ?	there does not appear to be availability at that time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
4 is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time ?	ok i got you a table at the bedouin the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is: q7r6zvre can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thanks thank you and goodbye	okay you re welcome thank you for calling

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a chinese place in the centre	i have 10 restaurants matching your request did you have a price range you would like ?
2 no it doesn t matter	would you like for it to have a certain number of stars ?
3 no just book at a chinese place in the centre i need a table for 4 at 15:00 on wednesday please	i have you at jinling noodle bar then reference is ocnh3cjj anything else you need ?
4 no that is it thank you	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food	sorry there are no expensive restaurants serving cantonese food would you like to look for something else ?
2 yes an expensive thai restaurant would be good	bangkok city serves thai food and is in the expensive price range
3 great can you please give me its address and phone number ?	bangkok city is at 24 green street city and phone number is 01223 354382
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you good bye	thank you have a great day and enjoy your food

#attraction#
1 hello i would like information on club salsa	it is a nightclub located on the centre where the entrance fee is 5 pounds
2 can you let me have their postcode ?	absolutely their postcode is cb12jb is there any other information i can provide you with ?
3 no that s all thank you	you are welcome enjoy your day

#train#
1 yes i m looking for a train please	of course where will you be departing from and arriving ? when would you like to leave ?
2 i need to leave from cambridge on sunday	there are 202 trains leaving cambridge on sunday do you have a destination or time ?
3 well i m thinking i need to leave sometime after 10:45 for norwich	there is a train leaving cambridge for norwich at 11:36 which arrives at 12:55 shall i book it for you ?
4 yes i d like one ticket please	your booking was successful the ticket fee is 14.08 pounds and is payable at the station your reference number is 23g7ruxl may i assist you with anything else today ?
5 thank you very much i am all set have a nice day	you too good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food	there are 5 expensive restaurants that serves italian which area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	caffe uno is located in the city centre
3 may i have the address and phone number please ?	caffe uno s telephone number is 01223 448620 and the address is 32 bridge street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	have a good evening

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a thai restaurant on the west side	sala thong is a thai restaurant on the west side that is expensive do you want me to book it for you ?
2 yes please could you book it for 5 people on sunday ?	yes of course what time would you like me to make your reservation ?
3 i would like a table for 13:00	i was unable to book that would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant ?
4 yes please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side	how about cocum ? it s an expensive indian restaurant on the west side
5 ok that would be fine can you please send me the reference number ?	okay i was able to book your table your reference number is ws8r5j04 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that is all thank you cheers	thank you let us know if you need any thing else bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food i don t care about the price range	there is not a restaurant serving japanese food would you like a different type food ?
2 is there anything in the area for chinese food ?	there is charlie chan in city centre
3 what is the address and phone number of charlie chan ?	the address is regent street city centre postcode c.b 2 1 d.b and the phone number is 01223 361763
4 thank you that is all the info that i needed good bye	thank you

#hotel#
1 i am looking for 0 star lodging with free parking included	we have two places would you like to stay in the north or the centre area ?
2 i m not picky about the area of town i stay but i would like it to be a guesthouse	okay there is one located in the north and one in the centre
3 can you please recommend one and book it for 5 nights ?	what dates are you interested in staying ?
4 starting from wednesday looking to stay for 5 nights is that available ?	booking was successful reference number is : pqwl74m2
5 that would be it thank you very much	thank you have a good day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for the avalon	the avalon is a 4-star moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of town they offer free parking and free internet
2 great would you please see if you can book a party of 8 for 5 nights beginning thursday ?	booking was successful you re reference number is tllgqvmh
3 great thanks	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s it thank you for your help !	you are very welcome ! enjoy your stay ! goodbye !

#attraction#
1 can you tell me about the cambridge university botanic gardens	the botanic gardens is a lovely part of the university which is open to the public for a fee of 4 pounds

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is located in the north part of town and is the moderate price range their address is 191 histon road chesterton
2 is there anything else in the moderate price range on the north part of town ?	yes the nirala is indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north it is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you that s all i need	have a good day !

#hotel#
1 i want to book the el shaddai hotel	no problem just give me a date how many days and how many people to accommodate please !
2 i am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting tuesday	i have made that booking for you your reference number is e31yxtp1
3 that will be it thank you very much for your time	thank you have a good day

#hotel#
1 hello i am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay	i can definitely help with that let me find out some more information so i can find you the perfect fit what area of town would you like to stay ?
2 i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking	we have 21 guesthouses with free parking do you need a certain area of town ?
3 no but i would like for it to be moderately priced could you recommend a place ?	there are quite a number of them if you d like a 4-star rated guesthouse at the south end of town i could recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house
4 that will work fine could you make a reservation for 3 ? i d like it for 5 nights starting saturday	sure your reference number is pfgjjsbo anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you !	thank you for calling us today goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves korean food	there is only one korean restaurant in town called little seoul
2 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	little seoul s address 108 regent street city centre phone number 01223 308681 and postcode c.b 2 1 dp can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you this is great	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	i have two restaurants they are pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum
2 what type of food do each of them serve ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is italian and restaurant alimentum is modern european would you like information on either of them ?
3 yes what is the address and phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton ?	the address for pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
4 what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye
6 goodbye again	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food	we don t have any of those sad to say want to broaden the search ?
2 how about any restaurants that serves creative food	i m sorry i m not finding any creative restaurants would you like to try a different cuisine ?
3 ok well what do we have in the north area ?	there are several good options for dining in the north area do you have a preference for price range ?
4 how about a cheap indian restaurant ?	there is one cheap indian restaurant in the north royal spice would you like to make a reservation ?
5 no i can do that could you give me the phone number ? also the address with postcode ?	sure the number there is 01733553355
6 what about the postcode and the address ?	they are located at victoria avenue chesterton postcode is cb41eh anything else you need ?
7 no that s all thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food	there are no mathcing records found for that request
2 how about spanish or portuguese food ?	there are no matching records found for that request
3 i would like to try indian food in the north part of town	royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north of town and is in the cheap price range
4 i would like their phone number and address please	their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is victoria avenue chesterton c.b 4 1 e.h
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town	there is one vietnamese restaurant but it s in the west end of town would that work for you ?
2 i prefer to stay in the centre of town is there a turkish restaurant ?	yes there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town in the moderate and expensive price range which price range would you prefer ?
3 i don t care about the price range	anatolia serves turkish food in the centre of town would you like their phone number ?
4 can you give me the address ?	the anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there any other information you need ?
5 what price range is anatolia ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range
6 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a cheap place to stay with 4 stars	hi i have many place to choose from is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in ?
2 i would like a guesthouse type with free wifi please also the area and address please	i found the leverton house which meets your requirements it is in the east at 732-734 newmarket road do you need a reservation ?
3 no i ll wait on that for now thanks for all your help today that s all i need goodbye	glad to have been of assistance have a good day goodbye

#hotel#
1 i dont want wifi just somewhere with four stars	all of the 4 star hotels i have listed have wifi is that okay or would you like me to look for a hotel with a different star rating ?
2 i guess it s ok if they have it as long as they won t charge me for not using it but 4-star accommodations are a must	i have two 4-star hotels on the west side and one in city centre do you have a location preference ?
3 are there any in the south side of the city ?	i have nothing in the south that matched your criteria only west and centre
4 how about a place in any area with free wifi	okay i have the cambridge belfry which is a 4 star cheap hotel in the west part of the city would you like for me to book it for you ?
5 yes please	for how many nights and how many people will be staying ?
6 i need it for 7 people for 4 nights staring from tuesday please	i was unable to book that would you like me to try something else ?
7 yes please and in the same price range	okay i was able to book you into the marriott hotel and your reference number is cqe0wwxh
8 thank you so much for your help	will you be needing anything else today ?
9 nope you have been so helpful thank you !	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant that serves european food and i don t care about the price range	there are five venues serving european food what price range do you want ?
2 moderate price range please can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?	galleria is an european restaurant in the moderate price range and the centre part of town the address is 33 bridge street and the phone number is 01223 356666
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good evening

#train#
1 i need to book a train to travel to london kings cross leaving after 10:45 can you help me with this ?	sure ! where would you like to depart from ?
2 i ll be leaving cambridge on wednesday	there are trains leaving at the hour throughout the day and night if can book one of those for you if you like
3 i need to leave after 10:45	i can book you on tr9781 leaving cambridge at 11 on wednesday how many tickets should i reserve ?
4 can you book me 6 tickets please ? i will also need the reference number too	i ve reserved six tickets for you your reference number is x1c6ni79
5 no that will be everything thanks for your help	you re welcome enjoy your trip

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town	there are many restaurants in the north that match your description what type of cuisine are you interested in ?
2 the restaurant should serve asian oriental food	i have one restaurant called saigon city on 169 high street chesterton chesterton would you like me to book for you ?
3 yes i would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a saturday and could i also get the reference number ?	your reservation has been made and the reference number is 3p2alry0
4 thank you for your help	you are welcome

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderate priced place to stay	yes let me help you with that in what area of town would you like to stay ?
2 i would like a place in the centre with free parking	i do not have anything like that perhaps another criteria for you ?
3 sure let s try the north instead please	there are several options in the north would you like me to recommend one ?
4 yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday	okay i have booked the acorn guest house for wednesday for 3 people and for 3 days your reference number is f821xs1g is there anything else i can help with ?
5 you ve been great that is all i needed thank you goodbye !	i hope you enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town ?	i certainly can we have 15 inexpensive restaurants in the center of town was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted ?
2 my boyfriend really likes scottish food would you have anything that offers that ?	i do not have any scottish places fitting that criteria may i try another food ?
3 oh wow that s too bad how about a good italian place ?	the zizzi cambridge is a cheap italian restaurant in the centre area would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes please can you also give me the address phone number and postcode ?	sure thing ! the address is 47-53 regent street the phone number is 01223365599 and the postcode is cb21ab is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 i d like a reservation at 6:30 for a party of 2	i ll be happy to do that for you what day would you like the table for ?
6 actually i ve changed my mind i m going to wait on that reservation thanks	okay is there anything else you need ?
7 that ll be all ! thank you !	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking to find a train it needs to go to cambridge and it has to leave on monday	i have 202 trains travelling to cambridge on monday could you be more specific on when you d like to depart and from where ?
2 i d like to depart from stevenage after 19:45	i have one train departing at 19:54 one at 21:54 and the last one at 23:54 will any of those work ?
3 yes 19:54 will be fine i d like tickets for 5 people	congratulations ! your booking was successful with a reference number of dmel46a6 and a fee of 64 gbp can i help you with anything else ?
4 that is all thank you	you re welcome enjoy your day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn t need to include internet	alright i ve found several options what price range are you looking for ?
2 it doesn t matter	alpha-milton guest house doesn t offer internet it is rated three stars in the north part of town should i book this ?
3 no i need a guesthouse with free wifi	a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi it s in the east side of town with a moderate price range should i book it for you ?
4 no i just need to know if they have free parking	they do not have parking
5 ok i would prefer something else with parking	allenbell looks like it would be a good choice
6 thanks does it have free wifi as well ?	yes they provide both internet and parking at their establishment
7 thanks that s all i need good bye	good bye enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 yes i m searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town it does not need to have any internet connection	there are no 4 star hotels without internet there are 21 four star hotels with internet what area or price range are you looking for ?
2 do any of them include free parking ?	yes,a lot of them have free parking what price range are you looking for ?
3 price range does not matter	in what area would you prefer ?
4 north part of town.cheap would be better	i only am coming up with worth house would you like me to book that for you ?
5 yes can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on thursday ?	i m sorry i was unable to book that one i have several guesthouses in the moderate price range would you like me to try one of those ?
6 yes let s try another hotel in the same price range	i booked you at acorn guest house your reference number is vmybags7 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no that will be all thanks	great enjoy your stay ! please contact me again if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
2 yes	they are located at 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is their postcode ?	the postcode is cb41jy is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for good chinese food on the west side	sorry there is no chinese restaurant in the west side do you want another type of food or different part of town ?
2 thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 are there any hotels where the wifi doesn t cost extra ?	yes of course we can arrange a hostel that does not charge for wifi as extra do you have a brand in mind ?
2 no it just needs to include parking and wifi	which offers wifi for free ?
3 i would appreciate it if you could tell me which hotel includes free wifi and free parking thanks	actually there are 29 options to choose from sir what price range are you looking for ?
4 any price range be a hotel has free parkin get me the address too	how about the ashley hotel the address is 74 chesterton road
5 that would be great what s the area ?	the ashley hotel is in the north would you like me to book accommodation for you ?
6 no thank you that is all the information i needed today	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre and hope you enjoy your stay have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i d like to find a seafood restaurant in the centre of town please	excellent the loch fyne is just your thing
2 is it an expensive restaurant ? i m really looking to break the bank here	yes it is expensive do you need help with booking ?
3 perfect yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:15 on monday can i also have a reference number ?	wonderful i was able to get you in a monday and your reservation number is e10z97f4 will that be all ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed	great enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel doesn t need to include internet and should have a star of 4	we dont have any hotels that have no internet with 4 stars
2 are there any that include free parking and that are in the expensive price range ?	sorry my search didn t bring back any results
3 try changing from no internet to free wifi and see what happens	there are two hotels that fir your description in the expensive price range one is in the west and one is in the centre which would you prefer ?
4 i need one with wifi	acorn house has free wifi is that okay ?
5 yes please just forward me the area hotel type and their phone number	i m terribly sorry i misspoke there are two 4-star hotels in the expensive range with wi-fi--the huntington marriott in the west and the university arms in the centre of town
6 the huntington marriott in the west would be great what is the hotel type and phone number ?	sure it is a hotel and the phone number is 01480446000 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 thanks for helping	do you need me to book you a reservation ?
8 no i think i will wait on booking at this time thank you for your assistance	no problem thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves chinese food ?	charlie chan is a great cheap restaurant would you like me to book now ?
2 yes please for a party of 3 at 13:45 on wednesday	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 are there any different restaurants in the same area and price range ?	how about rice house ? that s a chinese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices
4 sounds good book it please and i ll need the reference number	of course ! you re booked with reference number csl3v245 may i help with anything else ?
5 no thank you very much for your help	it was my pleasure let me know if i can ever help you with anything else

#attraction#
1 can you found me a swimming pool in the south part of town ?	unfortunately i was unable to find a pool at the south part of town however we have some north east and at the centre
2 what about a type of park ?	there are five including wandlebury country park in the south
3 wandlebury country park is fine can i get the entrance fee ?	actually they have free entrance they are located at wandlebury ring gog magog hills babraham their phone number is 01223243830 their postcode is cb223ae
4 thanks for the info i will give them a call	you re welcome can i help you find anything else ?
5 no that s all i need today thank you !	you re welcome have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two restaurants; chinese and indian that are moderately priced do you have any preferences ?
2 i don t care	okay how about the golden wok ? they serve chinese food in the north part of town and are moderately priced
3 that will be good could you give me their address ?	golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 and also postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 no that s all i want thank you	you re welcome thank you for calling us today goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food can i also have the address phone number and its area ?	eraina is a european restaurant in the centre area their address is st michael s church trinity street city centre and phone number 01223 355166
2 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town ?	yes there are two pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food while restaurant alimentum serves modern european food would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else ?
2 what are the address and phone number of one of them ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton with phone number 01223 323737
3 excellent thank you goodbye !	have a wonderful day ! good bye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves caribbean food	there are no moderately priced caribbean restaurants would you like something different ?
2 spanish food	la tasca is a moderately priced restaurant that serves spanish food
3 what is the address phone number and post code ?	their phone number is 01223 464630 their address is 14 -16 bridge street and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf

#restaurant#
1 yes i need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant the name of the restaurant is sitar tandoori i d like some information on the place if you can help	oh yes the sitar tandoori is great indian restaurant on our east side of town do you need me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes could you book a table for 6 on friday at 11:45 ?	i am sorry i am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time would you like me to try and find another restaurant ?
3 that s unfortunate yes is there something else in the same area ?	i have a few more moderate or expensive which do you prefer i book ?
4 if you could find one in the same price range that would be best	i was able to book pipasha restaurant reference number is zo0089us
5 thank you that is all i need	thank you for calling have a great day

#train#
1 i m looking for a train leaving on tuesday please	i have a train going to london king s cross that will leave at 05:00
2 actually i need to go to london liverpool street from cabridge	alright what time would you like to leave ?
3 i would like to leave anytime after 20:15	ok i have tr9616 that leaves at 21:39 will that work for you ?
4 is that on tuesday ? if so that would work i ll need the train id and price	the train id is tr9616
5 i also need the price	the price is 16.60 pounds do you need any further assistance ?
6 no that s all thank you	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive place to dine in the south	do you have a food type preference ? the choices are chinese indian italian and mexican
2 is there any morrocan food ?	no sorry there are no morrocan restaurants in the south would you like to expand to another area ?
3 i would be interested in indian food	taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south would you like any other info ? or to book it ?
4 that place sounds great can i get the phone number please ?	sure ! the phone number to the taj tandoori is 01223412299 can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that is all i need thanks so much bye	you re welcome thanks for using our services goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre	i have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 i would like north american food	gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves north american food would that be acceptable ?
3 sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 19:15 please	unfortunately we were not able to book that restaurant would you like me to try and find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre ?	i was able to find 3 that serve british food and 1 that serves african and 1 that serves asian do you have a preference ?
5 can you book me in for the asian restaurant then ?	okay i was able to book you a table at the kymmoy your reference number is tqvkvlnh is there anything else you need ?
6 nope i think that will do it thank you	it s my pleasure have a great day ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking	i have found 19 possible choices do you have a specific area in mind ?
2 no it just needs to be cheap	how about leverton house ? it looks lovely
3 sounds good can i get it for 7 people and 4 nights from thursday please ?	book another day or a shorter stay please
4 ok try for 2 nights	wonderful your booking was succesful the reference number is 3hw0o0hd
5 thank you so much for all of your help !	you re welcome may i help with something else like a restaurant or attraction ?
6 no that was all i needed thanks again	you re most welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m wanting indian food is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town ?	how about kohinoor a cheap restaurant in the centre located at 74 mill road ?
2 thank you i d like to book a table for 6 people for wednesday at 18:15 also can you provide a reference number to confirm	you are booked at kohinoor reference number is zmzlmlr9 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes
3 reference number zmzlmlr9 got it thank you	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that was all thank you for your help	great ! have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive place to dine centre of town	great ! there are 33 such restaurants what type of food would you like to eat ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter but i need a reservation for 8 people	what day and time are you looking to book your reservation ?
3 12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may i get the reservation number after you book it please ?	i made a reservation at the restaurant kymmoy the confirmation number is ur49skna
4 thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye	let me know if you need anything else good bye

#restaurant#
1 yes i need some help looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be located in the west and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible	i have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria do you have a preference on type of cuisine ?
2 yes indian please	there are five indian restaurants in the west in the expensive range may i recommend tandoori palace ?
3 can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday ?	i was unable to book for that time would you like to try something else ?
4 yes look it up and book me for monday,please ?	the booking was unsuccessful is there another time you would prefer ?
5 please book any indian restaurant in the same area and price range as tandoori palace this is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday	booked at cocum your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number: 4fec5k00 anything else ?
6 that is it thank you for your help good bye	let us know if you need anything else good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	what type of food would you like ?
2 i dont care	there are 22 results is there an area that you would prefer ?
3 yes in the west part of town please	there are two results la margherita serves italian food and thanh binh serves vietnamese food
4 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	thanh binh is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
5 is there anything else ?	would you prefer information on la margherita ? it s the only other cheap restaurant in that area
6 yes please	la margherita s phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 magdalene street city centre
7 thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the south area would you like italian or modern european ?
2 is there anything else ? can i get the phone number please ?	the pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 323737 may i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	yes goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at my destination by 11:30	certainly there are a number of trains departing from cambridge where is your destination ?
2 i need to get to bishops stortford for a very important meeting can you find me a train to get me there by 11:30 ?	there are 21 trains making that trip what day would you like to go ?
3 on saturday and could you tell me how long that trip takes ?	there are three trains that will get you there before 11:30 the trip lasts a total of 38 minutes how early would you like to leave ?
4 i d like to take the train that arrives closest to bishops stortford at 11:30	tr3396 leaves at 09:29 and arrives by 10:07 is that okay ?
5 yes how much would that cost ?	the cost of the one way journey is 8.08 pounds
6 perfect i m all set goodbye !	it was my pleasure have a great day

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a swimming pool to go to in the north	there are two swimming pools to go to in the north would you rather go to jesus green outdoor pool or kings hedges learner pool ?
2 great can i get their phone number ?	the phone number for jesus green is 01223302579 and the number for kings hedges is 01223353248 is there anything else i can do to help ?
3 no thank you	okay well i have no information on entrance fee but i do have their locations specifics would you like those as well ?
4 no thank you	well i m glad i could help you and if there s anything else you need please call us again

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	three restaurants meet your specifications one is italian and two serve indian food do you have a preference ?
2 is there anything else ?	the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their information ?
3 address and phone number please	the address of the curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 566388
4 that s all i need thank you and good bye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food	sorry but there is no resaurants that fit your request do you want something different ?
2 yes how about indian food	i recommend taj tandoori it is located in the south part of town
3 what is the phone number ?	taj tandoori s phone number is 01223 412299 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 no that is all thank you goodbye	thank for calling cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant something moderately priced	there are five restaurants in the moderate price range they sever british and asian oriental which are you looking for ?
2 iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant	i have the yippee noodle bar that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 that would be great i need to for 2 people at 13:00 on tuesday can you provide the reference number for the reservation ?	here is the reference number: mvmt06fy
4 thank you that s all i need good bye	you re welcome have a wonderful day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town	royal spice is an indian restaurant in the north part of town it is in the cheap price range
2 i m not interested in that choise is there anything else within those categories ?	how about da vinci pizzeria ? a cheap italian place in the north ?
3 i would like the phone number and address of da vinci pizzeria	no problem its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 milton road chesterton
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train going to cambridge	sure where are you departing from and what day ?
2 i would like to leave broxbourne on tuesday	do you have a time you d like to leave by ?
3 i d just like to arrive by 16:45 please	tr8361 will arrive in cambridge by 16:32 on tuesday does this suit your needs ?
4 yes please i need the price and travel time	the price is 17.90 pounds the train leaves at 15:32 making the travel time one hour exactly is there anything else ?
5 that is for tr8361 ?	yes tr8361 is 17.90 pounds would you like to buy a ticket ?
6 yes i would like a ticket for one	your confirmation number is bamjw6m2 may i help you with anything else ?
7 i think you ve answered all of my questions ! thank you so much !	you re welcome call us again when you need to we re always here !
8 thank you for your help	not a problem have a good time !

#restaurant#
1 what s a good mid price restaurant ?	is there a specific part of town or type of food you re interested in ?
2 i would like catalan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range would you like to try something else ?
3 how about spanish food ?	la tasca serves spanish food and is in the moderate price range
4 could i have the address phone number and postcode please ?	the phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 bridge street the postcode is c.b 2 1 uf
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye
6 bye	call us again ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food	i m sorry but there are no austrian restaurants in the north part of town
2 indian please	the nirala is an indian restaurant in the moderate price range on the north side
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food what is the address and postcode ?	the missing sock matches your request they are located at finders corner newmarket road c.b 25 9 a.q 01223 812660 is the phone number
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find panasian food for cheap please	there are no restaurants matching your requests would you like another restaurant ?
2 how about asian oriental food ? i would like a phone number and address for any asian restaurant you find	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 millers yard city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 and that s a cheap restaurant ?	yes dojo noodle bar is a restaurant in the cheap price range
4 is there anything else ?	no enjoy your meal !
5 thanks	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 i d like a train to cambridge that arrives by 11:30	where are you departing from ?
2 i m departing from ely	i can reserve a seat on tr2704 departing at 9:35 and arriving in cambridge at 9:52 how many tickets will you need ?
3 it doesn t matter to me	if you wouldn t like me to book you a ticket is there anything else you need ?
4 can you tell me what the travel time for that train is ?	that will be a 17 minute train ride
5 okay great that is all thank you	okay great thanks fro calling

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area ?	there are 33 possible places that fit your request for example there is an expensive african restaurant in the centre is this something you would be interested in ?
2 how about mediterranean food ?	sure either la mimosa or shiraz both serve excellent mediterranean food
3 la mimosa sounds good can your reserve me a table for 1 on saturday at 11:15 ?	i have that reserved the reference code is mlzzdyt5
4 perfect i m all set the thank you	it s my pleasure goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 looking for a cheap restaurant	i have found some would you like italian chinese asian oriental indian or spanish food ?
2 do you have brazilian or portuguese ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south side of town with a cheap price range
3 what is the address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay i need to find free parking and i only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that	huntingdon marriott hotel has parking and is a highly rated hotel
2 the hotel should include free wifi	yes the huntingdon marriott also has free wifi would like for me to book a reservation for you ?
3 yes please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday	i m sorry the huntingdon marriott hotel is not available would you like to try another the university arms hotel is a nice hotel in the city centre
4 is it in the same price range ?	its listed as expensive
5 and what were the marriott prices like ?	expensive price what type would you prefer ?
6 expensive price is fine	i was able to book a reservation your reference number is 1jalpc7v is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 that was all i needed today thank you !	great glad i could be of help enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve south indian food	i m sorry i have nothing listed matching your criteria what about just indian food ?
2 darn will you look for a turkish restaurant in that area instead ?	you have your choice of meze bar anatolia or efes restaurant
3 can i get the address of anatolia ?	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you very much for your help !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that s all i needed thanks so much	thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 to choose from any type of cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i don t care what cuisine i would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on thursday i will need a reference number also	sure i booked you into the cambridge chop house on thursday at 12:30 your reference number is 8ni5a15m
3 okay wonderful thank you for your help	was there anything else i could assist you with today ?
4 no you were extremely helpful thank you goodbye	thank you for booking with us today enjoy your reservation !

#train#
1 hello i need help planning a train trip	i d be happy to help are you departing from a specific station or do you have a specific destination in mind ?
2 i d like to leave from london and travel to cambridge on saturday around 15:00	would you like to depart from london kings cross or london liverpool street ?
3 i would like to depart from cambridge	please state your departure location and your destination also is 15:00 the time you want to leave or to arrive ?
4 i am leaving from cambridge going to broxbourne and want to arrive by 8:30	how about tr8674 ? it leaves at 05:01
5 as long as it arrives by 8:30 that sounds good i ll need 7 seats please	it does and i have booked 7 seats for you anything else ?
6 reference number please ?	sure the reference number is vatl0rjl is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that is all thank you	you are welcome thank you for towninfo centre for your traveling needs goodbye

#hotel#
1 do you have information about the lovell lodge ?	i do it s a moderately priced 2 star hotel
2 what is the postcode for the lovell lodge please ? i want to determine the location	the postcode is cb41sr is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no that ll do it thanks so much for your help	alright enjoy the remainder of your stay !

#hotel#
1 i need a cheap place to stay	there are many cheap places in which area would you like to search for a place to stay ?
2 it should include free parking.the hotel should include free wifi	there are 10 cheap hotels what area would you like ?
3 whichever is the cheapest for 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please book it and i will need a reference number thanks	alright you are booked at the alexander bed and breakfast reference number is uk8t46j8
4 thank you i just want to confirm that this hotel includes free parking and wifi	yes it includes both
5 thanks that will be all good bye	enjoy your stay goodbye !

#attraction#
1 give me information about museums in the west side of town	there are a few museums in the west side of town i highly recommend checking out the cafe jello gallery if you ve got the time
2 what is the full address and zipcode of cafe jello gallery ?	cafe jello gallery is located at cafe jello gallery 13 magdalene street their postcode is cb30af is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 no that ll be all thanks so much !	okay great have a great trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 north part of town restaurant please	what type of food would you like ?
2 chinese	do you have a certain price range you would like ?
3 i don t care	there are several chinese restaurants would you like their phone number ?
4 yes and i need one of their names please	hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town
5 sound perfect ! what is their phone number ?	hakka s phone number is 01223 568988 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i m looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side do you know of anything ?	yes i have one listing for an international place called the missing sock it is very popular would you like their telephone number ?
2 yes please give me the telephone number	their number is 01223812660
3 thanks ! now could you make a reservation for me ? i need a table for 1 on saturday at 12:15 please	unfortunately they are fully booked during that time slot would you like me to try for a different time or day ?
4 how about 11:15 ?	you ve been booked for 11:15 do you need anything else ?
5 may i have the reference number please ?	your reference number is fk3areid
6 thank you so much that is all i needed !	great ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and i would like to find a place that serves north american food	i have one gourmet burger kitchen
2 i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday	unfortunately they are all full at that time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please look for a different place in the same area and price range	i m sorry but gourmet burger kitchen was the only north american restaurant in the centre area would you like for me to try another area ?
4 not right now thank you for your time	okay please let me know if you need anything else

#train#
1 i am looking for a train	alright where are you headed ?
2 i m head to leicester from cambridge on saturday	what time are you planning to leave ?
3 anytime after 8:45	tr3371 leaves at 09:21 and arrives at 11:06 it is 30.24 pounds would you be interested in that ?
4 i meant to say i want to leave after 20:45	great i have tr9209 that meets your criteria and is 30.24 pounds would you like me to book it ?
5 yes please i booking for one person	pardon me did you say you are traveling on saturday or sunday ?
6 i am traveling on saturday	okay i have tr7610 that leaves at 21:21 the price is 30.24 pounds would you like me to book it ?
7 yes please for one person	okay booking was successful your reference number is mhmrvmr4 anything else ?
8 nope that s all thanks !	you are welcome enjoy yourself

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for information on the varsity restaurant	the varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine would you like any other information ?
2 could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on tuesday evening ?	ok ! your table for 2 at the varsity restaurant has been booked for tuesday at 20:00 you reference number is: 1eb89a0f
3 thank you so much that is all	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town	unfortunately there aren t any restaurants that fit your criteria is there anything else that i can do for you ?
2 can you see if there are any that serve indian food ?	there are six restaurants one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range which one would you prefer ?
3 any would be fine but i need to book a table for 8 people for sunday at 12:15	booking was unsuccessful at rice boat would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 sure as long as it s in the same area and price range i need the reference number too please	okay i booked you at the tandoori palace and your reference number is nbld7e0v
5 thank you that s all i needed today !	okay glad i could be of help !

#restaurant#
1 i want something in the north part of town with swedish food	there are no restaurants matching your requests would you care for a different restaurant ?
2 are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town ?	yes there is one its name is da vinci pizzeria
3 great can you please give me its address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707 can i help you with anything else today ?
4 thank you good bye	thank you and enjoy your meal !
5 thanks !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 what do we have to eat in the expensive european food range ?	there are 5 options in cambridge for expensive european food 1 in the north 1 in the west and 3 in cambridge centre
2 nothing in the south ?	i was not able to find any expensive european restaurants in the south
3 what about mexican restaurants ?	the chiquito restaurant bar a mexican restaurant is in the south and is expensive would you like to book a table ?
4 yes i d like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on sunday	your table is reserved and the reference number is tn3210rt will there be anything else ?
5 that s all thanks for your assistance	you are very welcome ! have a great time ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing for cambridge after 8:15am	i have a train leaving from london kings cross on friday leaving at 9:17 how does that sound ?
2 no thank you i would like a train that is leaving on thursday and departing from kings lynn	these are the possible options trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr1612 kings lynn cambridge friday 09:11 09:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes tr1958 kings lynn cambridge friday 10:11 10:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes tr3147 kings lynn cambridge friday 11:11 11:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes tr6454 kings lynn cambridge friday 12:11 12:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes tr0674 kings lynn cambridge friday 13:11 13:58 9.80 pounds 47 minutes
3 please pick a train that leaves after 8:15 and going to cambridge i need the travel time and price	tr3447 leaves kings lynn at 09:11 and arrives at 09:58 with a travel time of 47 minutes the price is 9.80 pounds
4 thank you that is all i needed	you re very welcome ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars	are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse ?
2 i d like a hotel in the east part of the city	i do not see a hotel in the east part of the city do you have any recommendations ?
3 that;s too bad...so what do you have ? other part of town ?	i have 2 hotels in the west and 1 in the centre would you like to book one of these ?
4 lets go for the one in the centre please can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting monday oh and can i get the reference number ?	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different hotel ?
5 yes as long as it s in the same price range that will be fine i need the reference number too	what price range are you looking for ?
6 in the same price range as the other hotels	i was able to book gonville hotel reference number is shewp52t
7 wonderful-thanks can you send me the address and phone number of the establishment ?	it s address is gonville place and its phone number is 01223366611
8 okay great that is all i need thank you	so glad i was able to help have a great day good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for japanese food in the south part of town	i am sorry there is no japanese restaurant in the south area ? would you like to try another area or food type ?
2 try mexican then	unfortunately i was not able to locate a mexican restaurant in the south part of time would you like me to search for a different cuisine ?
3 i ll take any type of cuisine then i just need a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on saturday	there are japanese italian modern european portuguese indian and mexican which of these do you prefer ?
4 mexican please	the mexican place is not open then shall i try another place to dine ?
5 yes please are you sure there are no japanese or mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day ?	no i am sorry but there is a portuguese restaurant if you are interested
6 okay i guess try booking there please	great ! i was able to book you there and your reference number is w2a8ghg8
7 thank you for your help have a great day	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse to stay in i don t care about parking though	there are 24 places available acorn guest house has good ratings
2 i ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars a guesthouse in the east and i don t need free parking	okay how about the a and b guest house ? if fits everything you need
3 perfect ! let s book it for two nights starting saturday there are five people in my party i will also need the reference number	sorry that booking is unavailable perhaps another day or a shorter stay would work for you ?
4 can you suggest another place is there a hotel with 4 stars in that area ?	i m sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east but there are quite a few 4 star guesthouses would one of those interest you ?
5 yes i want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from saturday	actually the a & b guesthouse just opened up for saturday your reference number is gm77dlr6 can i further assist you ?
6 that s it for now thank you so much	you re welcome thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hey i m up south can you give me a place to eat ?	what kind of food would you like ?
2 don t care	i recommend chiquito restaurant bar
3 can i have the address and telephone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 400170
4 that will be fine	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town what is the phone number ?	would you prefer indian food or italian food ?
2 i don t care give me their phone number	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves indian food would you like the phone number ?
3 yes give me the phone number	the phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388
4 awesome thank you ! goodbye !	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to london liverpool street	i d love to help ! where s your destination ?
2 i would like to go to london liverpool street	i d love to help ! where are you departing from ?
3 i am departing from cambridge	how about tr5154 that leaves at 05:59 ?
4 help me get price and train id	the price is 16.60 pounds train id is tr5154 would you like to make a reservation for this train ?
5 not today thank you does the train arrive by 09:15 ?	no it arrives at 7:27
6 can you go ahead and book it and get me a price please ?	before booking could you please confirm either the time you d like to depart or arrive ?
7 i need to arrive at 09:15	how about tr5154 which leaves on friday at 05:59 and arrives by 07:27 it is 16.60 pounds and total trip is 88 minutes would you like me to book that ?
8 no i don t need to book thanks for the information	you re welcome have a great time !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night	for that price range i have several guesthouses do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in ?
2 yes i d really like to stay on the west end of the city anything available there ?	how about hobsons house ? it is a moderately priced guesthouse in the west end
3 does that place have free wifi ?	yes the place provides free wifi
4 thank you can you book me for 7 people and two nights beginning on sunday ? may i also get a reference number ?	your booking was successful and reference number is q1p81y9z can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no thanks that is all	thank you if you need anything else let me know.good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food	i have found two expensive mediterranean restaurants la mimosa and shiraz restaurant both are in the centre area would you like more information on either one of these restaurants ?
2 is there anything else ?	no sir that s all i have
3 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 can you find me something cheap in the south part of town ?	what is the food type you would prefer ?
2 i do not care about the type of food	nandos is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving portuguese food
3 is there anything else ?	the lucky star is a cheap price range south area chinese restaurant
4 what is the address ?	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thanks good bye	have a nice day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food and located in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food it s an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
2 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton its phone number is 01223 400170 and the postcode is cb17dy is there anything else i can help with ?
3 nope that s all i need thank you very much !	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town golden wok a chinese restaurant and the nirala an indian restaurant would you like more information on either of these ?
2 yes i would like the phone number of the nirala	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i would like the address of the nirala please ?	the address you want is 7 milton road chesterton how else may i help you ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode of the nirala is c.b 2 1 uj
5 i think that s all i need thank you for your help	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food i want it to be expensive	we have 3 options in cambridge for expensive gastropub food would you prefer a place in the centre or in the east ?
2 i d like to dine in the center of town please	i have two in the centre the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce would you like for me to make you a reservation ?
3 could you give me the address and phone number for the slug and lettuce please	the slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 green street postcode cb23ju i m sorry our system does not list their phone number is there anything else ?
4 i wish you could provide their phone number but other than that you ve given me everything i need to know thank you goodbye	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town what is the address ?	meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range their address is 205 victoria road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 may i have information for an italian restaurant in the east part of town ?	yes sure there is only on italian restaurant called pizza hut fen ditton in the east what else do you want to know ?
2 what is their address please ?	the address for pizza hut fen ditton is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a place to go in town to have fun are there any nightclubs in the west ?	there are no nightclubs in the west would another area work for you ?
2 how about a college in the west ?	sure there are 5 colleges in the west part of town how about clare college ?
3 what s the address of that college ?	clare college is located on trinity lane anything else ?
4 no that would be it thanks	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hi there i d love to find a guesthouse with free parking	i have 21 guesthouses is there an area you are looking for or a price range you would like to be in ?
2 well i would like something with 3 stars i don t care about the internet	bridge guest house has good reviews if you d like that
3 that sounds interesting do they happen to have free wifi ?	they do ! would you like to reserve a room ?
4 i really would like it to have a 3 star rating if bridge guest house does then yes please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on monday	the bridge guest house is rated 3 stars and has free wifi and parking before i can make a reservation i need to know how many nights you will be staying
5 please make a reservation for 3 nights	no problem your reference number is vqlmm8nq anything else ?
6 no that s all i need today thanks for your help !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside	there are 8 4 star guesthouses on the north side do you have a preference on price range ?
2 no but i need it to have free parking	how about the kirkwood house ? it is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side of town with free wifi and free parking
3 that sounds good i need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on friday	i m sorry it seems there wasn t a room available after all shall we try another hotel ?
4 yes what are the other options ?	i found you a room at the acorn guest house on chesterton road the reference number is z0bkpddz can i help you with anything else today ?
5 great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting friday ?	the booking was successful for 7 people for 3 nights at acorn guest house your reference# is nuyr7oqg is there anything else ?
6 no thank you good bye	goodbye enjoy your trip

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city	regretfully there are no caribbean restaurants in the centre would you like to try something else ?
2 are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town ?	i am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in ?
3 sure a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range would be great	i have 2 turkish restaurants in the centre the anatolia or efes restaurant are both moderate would you like me to book one for you ?
4 yes book me the anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on friday	i m sorry there are no available seats at that time would you like to try efes restaurant ?
5 yes please try booking that	yes i was able to get you into that restaurant and your reference number is 46al3f0c
6 great ! thank you so much for your help that will be all	okay great enjoy your lunch

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a room and want to see if i can find somewhere that has 3 stars can i get some help with that ?	i found 4 guesthouses and 2 hotels with 3 star ratings do you have a preference ?
2 i d prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse	there is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south both have free internet and parking would you like to book one of these ?
3 could you give me more information the the lensfield ?	the lensfield hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the south area their address is 53-57 lensfield road would you like me to reserve a room for you ?
4 yes please book it for saturday for 3 people for 3 nights	i m sorry i was unable to reserve rooms for that day and length of stay would you like to try anything else ?
5 how about 2 nights ? would that work ?	i have successfully booked your stay at the lensfield hotel for two nights 716v6qs6 is your reference number
6 great thank you ! that is all i need today	have a great stay !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge	i can help with that ! where will you be traveling to ?
2 make that tuesday and i need to go to stansted airport	okay i changed the day of travel to tuesday for you do you know what time you might want to leave after or arrive by ?
3 i want to arrive by 19:30 please	train tr9495 arrives at 19:08 would you like to purchase tickets ?
4 no thanks that s actually all the info i needed from you today thank you !	okay great call us back if you need anything else goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town	there are 14 restaurants that are in the west area of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 english food please	no restaurants serving english food are located in the west part of town would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine ?
3 how about british food ?	graffiti is a british restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
4 yes please and can you also give me their phone number ?	certainly the phone number for graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
5 i need the address too	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
6 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for the warkworth house hotel	warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse on the eastside it offers free wifi and parking would you like the address or phone number ?
2 no i think i would like to book it for myself for 5 nights	of course what day would you like your reservation to begin ?
3 on thursday please can i have the reference number once it s booked ?	i m very sorry but there are no rooms available for five days starting on thursday should i try to find a different hotel ?
4 sure as long as it is in the same price range and can i get the reference number once you book it please ?	alright i was able to book you a room at the carolina bed and breakfast your reference number is oz7qg2ok is there anything else you need ?
5 no that is all i needed thank you	thank you good day let us know if you need any thing else

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
2 what is the postcode ?	the postcode of grafton hotel restaurant is c.b 2 1 uj
3 what is the address phone number and type of food ?	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food it is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and it s phone number is 01223 241387
4 great thank you !	do you need any further information ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	thank you have a nice day
6 you too !	bye

#hotel#
1 i m interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to cambridge	i m sorry i don t have any matches should we try a different price range ?
2 can you search for hotels instead of a guesthouse ?	i have expensive hotels in the east centre and south areas of town do you have a preference ?
3 the east would be great	there is one in the east it is express by holiday inn cambridge do you need a booking ?
4 does the holiday inn cambridge have free parking ? i forgot to tell you i need that	yes it has free parking would you like me to book that for you ?
5 no what is the phone number for the hotel ?	it is 01223866800 may i help with anything else ?
6 yes can you please tell me how many stars it has ?	it is a 2 star hotel would you like me to make those reservations ?
7 it has 2 stars is there anything else i can do for you ?	great thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i need the address phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food	how about the varsity restaurant they are located at 35 saint andrews street city centre postcode c.b 2 3 a.r phone number is 01223 356060
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a restaurant named tandoori palace do you know of that restaurant ?	i do it s a very nice indian restaurant on the west side
2 can you give me the postcode for it please ?	the postcode is cb43le may i help you with anything else ?
3 that will be all thanks goodbye !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking	you can try alexander bed and breakfast
2 is it in the east ?	no allenbell autumn house and leverton house are guesthouses in the east in the cheap price range all have 4 stars
3 book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday	booking was successful reference number is : zc6vcawb
4 thanks that s all good bye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north any type !	there is royal spice which serves indian food and da vinci pizzeria which serves italian food would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants ?
2 royal spice sounds good can you reserve a table for 8 at 15:45 on saturday ?	unfortunately i was not able to book for that specific time and day can i try a different day or time for you ?
3 how about at 14:45 ?	i ve booked it for that day on saturday reference number 9pvipw1y anything else ?
4 no you have been very helpful thanks goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good bistro in the centre of town can you find me some options ?	i m sorry there is no matching restaurant would you like to try a different food type or area ?
2 hmm let me think let s try maybe something italian instead	there are nine italian restaurants in the centre of town ! are you looking for an italian restaurant in any particular price range ?
3 which of those nine has the best ratings ? can i please have the address and postcode	i recommend caffe uno - it s very nice they re at 32 bridge street city centre cb21uj can i help with anything else ?
4 no that s all thanks	thank you ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town	sorry there are no malasian resturants in the area you are looking for can i help you with something elese
2 how about korean food in the centre of town ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the centre of town would you like their phone number ?
3 yes and their address	the address for little seoul is 108 regent street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town	there are no restaurants serving venetian food in the centre part of town would you like me to check another part of town ?
2 how about thai food ?	what is the price range you are looking for ?
3 i don t care	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant ?
4 can i get the address and phone number please ?	bangkok city s address is 24 green street city centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
5 thank you goodbye	no thank you ! enjoy !

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay that doesn t have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please	i have 5 different ones all around town did you prefer to stay in a certain area ?
2 yes on the east side please	the express by holiday inn cambridge meets your needs would you like to book it ?
3 does it have free parking ?	yes it does
4 i m not ready to book can you just tell me what the address is ? oh and how many stars is it ?	sure it s a two star hotel and the address is 15-17 norman way coldhams business park anything else ?
5 no that s all thanks	you re welcome ! please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food	i m sorry there are no restaurants in the city that serve malaysian food can i help you find another restaurant ?
2 is there a cheap european restraunt ?	yes i found the river bar steakhouse and grill it is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 of course	the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no and thank you for your help goodbye	our pleasure please call again goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food please	i have found 6 restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town ?
2 no it doesn t matter can you reserve one of them for sunday at 13:00 ? i will be dining alone	alright i got you a table at the graffiti the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is: favaelu5 do you need the address or phone number ?
3 no that is all i need thank you	great have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	there are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town one is italian and one is vietnamese which one are you interested in ?
2 can you give me the telephone number of the vietnamese restaurant ?	the vietnamese restaurant s name is thanh binh the phone number is 01223 362456 can i help you with anything else ?
3 can you give me the address for thanh binh as well please ?	thanh binh is at 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling us today goodbye

#attraction#
1 i need to find a place to go for entertainment	which part of town would you prefer ?
2 i would like it in the centre please	we do not have any entertainment in the centre would you like to pick a different area ?
3 are there any museums in the centre ?	i m sorry i am not finding any museums in the centre of town is there any other part of town that could work for you ?
4 no i am only looking for entertainment or museums in the centre of town can you look again ?	the broughton house gallery is a great museum in the centre it s free to get in and it s located at 98 king street can i help with anything else ?
5 no i appreciate your help	you are welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food	de luca cucina and bar is in the centre part of town and in the moderate price range
2 is there anything else ? give me the address and postcode please	there is also the cambridge lodge restaurant also has expensive european food in the centre area at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postal code cb30dq
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 355166
4 ok thank you good bye	thank you good bye
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food	i found 4 that you might be interested in what type of price are you looking for ?
2 i don t have a preference on price but how about expensive ?	there is one restaurant that is considered expensive and it is darrys cookhouse and wine shop would you like to book a table there ?
3 no that won t be necessary i just need the phone number and postcode please	the phone number for darrys cookhouse and wine shop is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks that did it i appreciate the help goodbye !	happy to help goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called worth house	it is a cheap guesthouse in the north of town would you like to book a room ?
2 yes please i need three nights for one person starting this friday and can i get a reference number ?	i ve successfully booked your room for friday 1 person staying 3 days your reference number is: f2x024q6
3 thank you so much for your help today	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 hello i m looking for a train i need to leave on wednesday from norwich	any idea where you want to go ?
2 i am looking to go to cambridge	to help narrow down the choices what time would you like to depart at ?
3 i m leaving after 09:00	how about tr1180 that leaves at 09:16 ?
4 what is the price and travel time ?	it is 17.60 pounds per person and the travel time is 79 minutes
5 ok great can you book it for me please ?	you are booked fee will be 17.6 payable at the station the refernece number is bt2i3wgs anything else today ?
6 that will be all thank you for your help	welcome nice travel

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should depart from bournemouth and should leave on sunday	where is your destination for that day ?
2 i m sorry i misspoke earlier i m actually looking to leave from broxbourne and would like to go to cambridge	there is train on sunday at 08:32 that goes from broxbourne to cambridge

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking do you have anything available ?	how about the acorn guest house in the north side of town ?
2 that sounds great !	would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 i will need the reference number please	absolutely ! when would you like to visit ?
4 friday there will be 5 people in my party and i ll need a reservation for 5 nights	perfect i was able to book the hotel for you the reference number is 2fd2jyn8
5 that is all i needed thank you	enjoy your stay bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food	im sorry there are no restaurants offering swiss food in your area
2 is there any restaurants that serve vietnamese food ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what s the address ?	thanh binh s address is 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east
2 what is the address and phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is finders corner newmarket road
3 ok thanks that s all i need	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 i want chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the centre area	there are four expensive chinese restaurants located in the centre i recommend hk fusion would you like me to make you a reservation ?
3 excellent lets try hk fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on friday	i am sorry this booking was unsuccessful maybe another time perhaps ?
4 please try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on friday	none of the times are available do you have another restaurant preference ?
5 any other place in the centre same expensive price range	i was able to book bedouin reference number is 4atmiysc
6 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay great i am glad i could be of help

#attraction#
1 hi ! i m looking for somewhere to go in the centre area	great ! the centre has many attractions are you interested in a particular type ?
2 i would love to maybe tour a college if i can	we have 13 colleges in the centre area the downing college is one that is free to enter would you like more information on this one ?
3 yes and do you have the address and phone number ?	downing college is on regent street and the phone number is 01223334860 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you you have been very helpful have a great day	my pleasure thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place serving expensive indian food	there are 14 places that serve expensive indian food we could narrow it down more if you specified an area do you have one in mind ?
2 let s try the west part of town	there are 5 in the west you might want to try cocum on 71 castle street city centre
3 okay can you book for 7 people on sunday at 14:00 ?	i am sorry there is no booking at this time there are 2 other places would you like me to check booking for any of them ?
4 yes if one is in the same area and price range as cocum	i was able to get you in at maharajah tandoori restaurant your reference number is o9k319cu can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that is all i need thank you	you are welcome have a nice day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information on a hotel	do you have a particular one in mind or any preference for where you stay or what amenities are offered ?
2 i am looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house	yes that s a guesthouse in the east of town is there some particular information you d like about it or i could help you book a room ?
3 i would like to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on sunday	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like for me to find another hotel ?
4 hmm how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	booking was successful reference number is : 6jgb7u7h the acorn guest house need any thing else ?
5 great thank you that s all i needed today	okay great i am glad i could help
6 thank you for all the help	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town one specializes in indian cuisine and the other is a chinese restaurant
2 i want the indian one what s the address and phone number ?	the indian restaurant is located at 7 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you very much	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east	i have three restaurants with that information,can i ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down ?
2 i would like an italian restaurant	pizza hut fen ditton is the only moderate italian restaurant in the east would you like a reservation ?
3 yes please i would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on saturday	booking was unsuccessful want to find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range ?	yes i have several indian restaurants if you are interested
5 sure please book me at one of those	i d be happy to what day and time would you like the reservation and for how many people ?
6 4 people at 13:45 on saturday please	i ve booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at curry prince your reference number is ge1nwvtx is there anything else i can help with today ?
7 no that s all i needed have a nice day	happy to be of service and i hope you enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from london kings cross	when would you like to depart london kings cross ?
2 yes departing from there heading to cambridge on saturday	what time would you like to depart or arrive ?
3 the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 14:00	i have train tr7309 departing london kings cross at 11:17 and arriving in cambridge at 12:08
4 please book that for 5 people	booking was successful the total fee is 94.4 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 7uggornq
5 thank you good bye	great ! have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range	i have 4 results for a moderate 3 star guesthouse what area are you looking to stay in ?
2 i m not too particular about which particular area i say in but i do need free parking	the hamilton lodge is a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range it has free parking would you like me to book that for you ?
3 no i just need the address please	the address is 156 chesterton road
4 that s all i need thank you !	welcome next time
5 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 yes i m looking for an expensive restaurant serving european food	how about eraina ?
2 does eraina serve european food ? if so what is the phone number and what area is it located in ?	eraina serves modern european food in the centre of town the phone number is 01223 368786
3 okay thank you for the information	thank you enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the south and should serve french food	there are none would you like to try a different cuisine or area ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves modern european food ?	restaurant alimentum has gotten good reviews !
3 great i would like a reservation for 7 people on friday at 19:00 please give me the reservation number	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : nchj21bd
4 thank you for your help	may i help you with anything else ? do you need a taxi ?
5 no i m good to go but thank you	great thank you for allowing me to help you today

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food	there is no expensive restaurant that serves russian food can i help you with anything else
2 yes do you have british type food ?	yes there are 6 options does the part of town matter ?
3 i don t care	i could recommend graffiti in the west.would you like more information ?
4 may i have the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 277977 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food what is the address and phone number ?	la mimosa at thompsons lane fen ditton is expensive and serves mediterranean food
2 what is their address and phone number ?	their address is thompsons lane fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525

#restaurant#
1 i want somewhere that serves traditional food	there are no traditional restaurants in the city can i help you with a different type of cuisine ?
2 how abou asian oriental food	there are 5 restaurants meeting your criteria what area and price range did you have in mind ?
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food they are located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their phone number is 01223 363471
4 thank you good bye	good bye

#attraction#
1 i need information on the fitzwilliam museum	ok i can help you with that what kind of information do you need ?
2 can i get the phone number address and area it is located in ?	of course the fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre area of town at trumpington street and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900 do you need anything else ?
3 no thank you that is all i need	ok have a nice day good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a scottish restaurant on the west side of town	i can help you with that it looks like there aren t any restaurants like that in my database can i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 is there a restaurant that serves indian food in the west part of town ?	i found several indian restaurants in the west part of town were you looking for an expensive or moderately priced restaurant ?
3 expensive	i found several in the expensive price range in the west part of town can i help you with anything else ?
4 can you please give me that phone number ?	cocum is the first expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town on the database the phone number for cocum is 01223 366668
5 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve indian food
6 can you please give me the address ?	cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no thank you that is all i need goodbye !	thank you good day !

#restaurant#
1 i d like to dine for expensive british cuisine	of course let me help you with that in which area of town would you like to eat ?
2 any area is fine can i have the postcode for your favorite one ?	sure ! i recommend travellers rest their postcode is cb30df is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that s all for right now thanks for your help !	you re welcome have a nice day !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town	there are eleven museums in the city centre might i recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology ?
2 tell me more about the anthropology museum please	the museum of archaelogy and anthropology is free to get into and is located at the university of cambridge on downing street their phone number is 01223333516
3 what is their postcode ?	their postcode is cb23dz if you would like to reach them directly their phone number is 01223333516 anything else i can help with ?
4 no that is all thanks so much	glad to help

#train#
1 i need to find a train for saturday	i have many trains that depart saturday where will you be departing from and where is your destination ?
2 i will be departing from ely and traveling to cambridge	okay and what time do you want to leave after or arrive by ?
3 i need to arrive by 11:45	there are 3 trains here do you want me to book any tickets ?
4 yes please i need it to be booked for 8 people	booking was successful the total fee is 28.16 gbp payable at the station .reference number is : zverhbt3
5 thank you that is all i need	you re welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel on the north side with free parking	okay there are 11 places to stay that might work would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel ?
2 i d prefer a moderate price guesthouse	that leaves us with about 7 options can i suggest the acorn guest house ? it is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north
3 that sounds fine would you make a reservation for 4 people 3 nights starting monday ?	your booking was successful and reference number is 3zyk9lo1 is there anything else i may assist you with ?
4 no that about covers it thanks for your help today	you are welcome thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay that is a guesthouse	of course in which area of town will you be staying ?
2 i want it in the west and it should be moderately priced	there are 3 in the south all of them have free parking and internet would you like me to book a room ?
3 yes please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday i will need the reference number also	you re booked at the bridge guest house ref# bwmdvcv1 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 that would be all thank you very much	you re welcome and enjoy your stay

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to london liverpool street	the train id is tr5154 and it leaves cambridge on friday
2 i am actually leaving on saturday from cambridge	the train id is tr2895 and it leaves cambridge on saturday
3 great can you please book it for 2 people and give me the reference number ? thanks	you are all booked for saturday the train departs at 05:59 and arrives at 07:27 the price is 13.28 pounds

#attraction#
1 i am looking for attractions in the town centre	are you interested in architecture ? it is free to visit all saints church
2 what is their phone number ?	the phone number is 01223452587 do you need any other information about it ?
3 no that is all i need for today thank you	good by and have a nice stay

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free wifi ?	i have four hotels listed that fit your criteria ranging in price from cheap to expensive what price range are you looking for ?
2 price doesn t matter really but i would like to get free parking too in addition to the wifi please	all 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses match your needs may i recommend the cambridge belfry ?
3 is that a hotel ? i need a hotel and not a guesthouse	yes it is a hotel can i book it for you ?
4 that would be great thanks we ll be arriving on sunday	how many people are staying and for how many days ?
5 6 people for 4 nights	sorry but i was unable to book do you wanna change the day you book or the number of days ?
6 how about two nights ?	yes that did it your reference number is x5xfgmk0 can i assist you with any other plans today ?
7 thanks so much that s it for today goodbye	i m glad i could help enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi	sure there are 4 places like that do you have a preference for lodging type or price range ?
2 it should be a hotel rather than a guesthouse other than what i mentioned i have no preferences	i have the lensfield hotel would you like to book it ?
3 first let me ask if they have free parking also can you please tell me the star rating ?	they do have free parking and it is a 3 star hotel how else may i assist you ?
4 that sounds perfect i will book it myself if i decide on it that is all i need today thank you	not a problem ! if you need more assistance please let me know !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse	i m sorry there are no results for an expensive guesthouse would you like to try another type such as hotel ?
2 well i m really looking for that expensive guesthouse type how about something in the north with free parking included ?	there are no results for expensive guesthouse in the north would you like to try something else ?
3 how about something in the moderate price range ?	how about acorn house ? i hear it s lovely
4 sure please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on thursday	sorry the hotel can t accommodate you for that time frame want to change dates ?
5 can we make it 1 night then ?	booking was successful for one night reference number is : fjfv11ja
6 thank you for assisting me with that i won t need anything else today	thank you for using our service

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood	loch fyne is a restaurant in the city centre that serves seafood would you like more information ?
2 what is the phone number and price range ?	the phone is 01223 362433 and it is in the expensive range
3 that sounds great thanks !	you re welcome goodbye !

#hotel#
1 hello i am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town any ideas ?	we have two options available would you prefer expensive or cheap ?
2 either would be fine i would like it to have a five star rating	i apologize neither is five stars would you like to try something else ?
3 is there a 4 star hotel available in the west part of town ?	there are 2 hotels available the huntingdon marriott hotel in the expensive price range and the cambridge belfry in the cheap price range do you have a preference ?
4 sure let s go with the cambridge belfry please give me its postcode and address	the post code is cb236bw the address is back lane cambourne do you want me to book it for you ?
5 no that s fine for now	their phone is 01954714600 if you choose to make a reservation yourself or you may contact me again thank you !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called city centre north b and b	city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north and is in the cheap price range would you like me to make you a reservation ?
2 yes please i need reservations for eight people starting this wednesday and we need it for three nights	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful do you want to change the number of nights or the starting day ?
3 could you start the booking on saturday ?	booking was successful reference number is : ka34quwb
4 that s all i need thank you !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 yes i am attending a physician s conference and need to locate a room for tonight	do you have a area or price preference ?
2 i am looking for a place with free wifi doesn t need parking and expensive price range	i have 5 hotels that fit your criteria are you looking for a particular area or number of stars ?
3 no particular area i would definitely want a moderate priced room though	a and b guest house fits your criteria it s a 4-star guesthouse on 124 tenison road are you interested in booking there ?
4 yes i need it for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday	i m sorry but it s not available for your references would you like to try a different day or fewer days ?
5 can i get it for 1 night then ?	yes i ve reserved you for one night
6 may i have the booking reference number please ?	the reference number is ev6udnpj anything else you need ?
7 no that is just what i needed thanks for your help bye	goodbye have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the centre and is expensive it s address is 51 trumpington street city centre
2 is there any chinese restaurants around ?	yes there are a few can i recommend tang chinese would you like me to book that for you ?
3 do they have availability on sunday at 13:00 ?	yes they do how many people are in your party ?
4 we will have 7 people in the party	i have you booked at tang chinese the reference number is p04ka65h is there anything else that i can do for you today ?
5 that will be all thank you	happy to be of help and i hope you enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town	i have found the grafton hotel restaurant at 619 newmarket road would like a reservation ?
2 is the restaurant in the expensive price range ?	yes it is in the expensive price range.do you want the address ?

#restaurant#
1 good morning i need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range	i couldn t find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for would you like something else ?
2 how about one with british food ?	there are 5 restaurants serving british food do you have a preferred area ?
3 i do not have a preferred area which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on tuesday ?	is there a price range you would prefer to stay within ?
4 no i do not need to stay within a price	i have restaurant one seven in the moderate price range would you like me to book a reservation ?
5 yes please	the booking was unsuccessful do you have any other preference ?
6 i just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range	sure i booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town your reservation number is cmj6wm0z
7 great thanks for that see you !	sure i m here to help you bye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves vietnamese food	i found thanh binh in the west part of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and goodbye !

#train#
1 yeah i need a train on sunday	i can certainly help with that where would you like to depart from ?
2 departing from cambridge	can you please tell me your destination ?
3 the train should go to bishops stortford and leave after 14:45	the first train after 14:45 tr3600 leaves at 15:29 would you like to book the train ?
4 can you tell me the travel time first ?	the first train leaves at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07 the duration is 38 minutes
5 that sounds great that s all i wanted to know	can i help you find anything else today ?
6 that should be all thank you !	have a good rest of your day !

#train#
1 hi i m looking for a train from stevenage to cambridge	what day do you need the ticket for ? trains leave every hour
2 i am travelling on monday and need to leave after 16:30	the tr0244 leaves at 17:21 and arrives by 18:10 would you like this one ?
3 yes please what is the cost for this train ?	my apologies the train id is tr0254 not tr0244 the cost is 12.80 pounds per ticket can i book a ticket for you ?
4 yes that would be great please book for 6 people	yes that booking was successful and your reference number for the trip and tickets is penzq430 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no i think i m all set thank you for your help !	thank you for using this system !

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range	i have 5 options for you in what area would you like to stay ?
2 i am not particular about the area it is all right if the hotel doesn t have free parking	how about the university arms hotel ? it is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town with free wifi and free parking
3 i actually don t want free parking is there a hotel that doesn t have free parking ?	express by holiday inn cambridge is a nice place and will suit your needs.do you want me to book it for you ?

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for malaysian food	sorry i cannot find any malaysian restaurants can i offer you something else ?
2 how about asian oriental type of food ?	there are five search results are you interested in a particular area or price range ?
3 no particular area but i m looking for an expensive restaurant	there is saigon city at 169 high street chesterton chesterton phone 01223 356555
4 is there anything else ?	there is also kymmoy in the centre of town at 52 mill road city centre their phone number is 01223 311911
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 are there any eritrean restaurants in town ?	no there are no eritrean restaurants in town would you like a different restaurant ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there is a wide variety of chinese restaurants do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down ?
3 i would like the east part of town	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east area
4 could i get the address phone number and postcode of yu garden ?	phone is 01223 248882 address and postcode are 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
5 thank you that is all the information i needed bye bye !	bye !

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at	there are two hotel and one guesthouse that match what you are looking for do you have a price range ?
2 yes i am looking in the expensive price range also i would need free parking	the huntingdon marriott hotel is located in the west and in the expensive price range would you like to book ?
3 yes can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on monday ?	great i ve got you booked for 4 days starting monday for 6 guests is this correct ?
4 yes can i get the reference number so i can give it to them when we arrive ?	i am sorry the system will not give me a confirmation number would you like me to try another hotel ?
5 yes in the same price range please	there are no other options in the expensive range would you like me to try something else ?
6 is there another expensive place to stay ?	i was able to book university arms hotel reference number is vof0ugng
7 thank you that s what i needed	is there anything else i can do for you today ?
8 no thanks for all of your help and putting up with a pain like me !	you were great hope you enjoy your stay have a great day

#train#
1 i m are looking for a train the train should leave on friday and should go to norwich	there are many trains available where will you be departing from ?
2 i will be leaving from cambridge	at what time would you like to leave or arrive ?
3 i need to arrive by 11:15	booking was successful the total fee is 17.6 gbp payable at the station reference number is : xabowrr6
4 ok thank you can you also give me the travel time ?	you are looking at a 79 minute journey any further questions today ?
5 what is the train id for the one you booked ?	the train id is tr8056 can i help with anything else ?
6 no that s all i need thank you	okay you re welcome ! i hope you enjoy your trip !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a mediterranean restaurant and i don t care what part of town it is in	are you looking for something more or less expensive ?
2 the price range does not matter	la mimosa is a nice mediterranean restaurant in the centre
3 that sounds good may i have their phone number ?	la mimosa s phone number is 01223 362525 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	you are very welcome have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town can you help me find one ?	i would be happy to help you there are several restaurants located in the west part of town would you prefer a expensive moderate or cheap restaurant ?
2 moderately priced	there is a very tasty indian restaurant in the moderate range it is called meghna would you like their information ?
3 yes please give me the phone number and address of it	meghna is located on the west side of town at 205 victoria road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410 is there any other information you needed ?
4 no thank you goodbye	your welcome goodbye
5 bye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find an expensive restauant that s in the south section of the city	there are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 no i don t care about the type of cuisine	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town
3 what is their address ?	there address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton it there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve mexican food
5 nope that s what i was looking for thanks a lot !	thank you very much for using the cambridge restaurant system

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi	how many stars would you like ?
2 four stars please	i have 21 that have 4 stars 18 are guest houses and 3 are hotels do you have a preference to area or type of place ?
3 i would like something in the north and has free wifi and free parking if possible	i have the acorn guesthouse arbury lodge guesthouse and archway house in that area all with free wifi and parking can i book one of these for you ?
4 can you book the acorn guesthouse for thursday ?	i ll be happy to how many people in your party ? and how many nights will you be staying ?
5 great i need it for 5 people for 3 nights and let me know the reference number	you ve been booked and your reference number is v69yhh10
6 excellent ! thank you !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 actually that is all have a lovely day	here is the address and telephone number of the hotel so can arrive without any problem
8 thanks bye now	thank you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like inexpensive turkish food	i m sorry i do not show anything available would you like to try something else ?
2 ok how about an italian restaurant ?	there are 5 listings matching your criteria do you have a preference on the area ?
3 i do not have a preference of area as long as it s cheap please make a suggestion	ask is an italian restaurant in the cheap priced category and is the centre of town
4 can i get the address and phone number ?	ask is at 12 bridge street city centre and can be reached at 01223 364917 can i help you anything else today ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome enjoy your food

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a place to eat called curry garden	curry garden is an expensive restaurant that serves indian food do you want me to book it for you ?
2 yes can i make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on wednesday ?	i m sorry there are no available tables at that time would you like me to look for a different restaurant ?
3 how about a different place to eat in the same area and price range ? can you book it and i need the reference number	i have booked the kymmoy restaurant for 1 at 16:15 pm on wednesday it is an expensive asian restaurant in the centre your reservation number is n08tp996
4 wonderful thank you that is all i need for today bye	your welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please	there is an italian or vietnamese restaurant which do you prefer ?
2 it doesn t matter i need to be able to seat 8 people on tuesday at 17:00	i was able to book you at thanh binh your reference number is h0k8xfpq
3 ok great thank you have a great day !	thanks ! i hope you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre ?	there are many high class restaurants in town centre is there a particular cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i was thinking maybe trying something european	eraina is an expensive european restaurant in the city centre would you like me to book that for you ?
3 that sounds great ! can i book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on wednesday ?	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is 0ud63qc0 can i assist you with anything else today
4 no that s it thanks	thank you for contacting us have a great day

#train#
1 i need to find a train that arrives at 12:30 on wednesday	certainly could you tell me where you re departing from and traveling to ?
2 i am departing from birmingham new street and going to cambridge	i have seven trains available then could you tell me what time you would like to leave ?
3 yes i need to arrive in cambridge by 12:30 please	the tr3543 puts you into cambridge at 12:23 will that train work for you ?
4 yes that will work can you book that train for 8 people ? i will also need a reference number	certainly i have you booked and your reference number is 47mburbc
5 great ! thanks that s all i need	thank you ! have a great day !
6 thank you for all of your help !	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m trying to find the alexander bed and breakfast	i have the alexander b & b located on 56 saint barnabas road would you like me to assist you in making a reservation ?
2 yes please there will be 7 of us and we ll be arriving thursday we want to stay 5 nights	the hotel is booked the reference number is 5gtaja8k
3 thank you ! that s all i needed	i am glad i was able to help you thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an inexpensive african restaurant	sorry no matches matched your search do you want a different price range ?
2 no thank you is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve asian oriental food ?	yes dojo noodle bar and j restaurant in the city centre both have what you re looking for would you like to book a table at one of them ?
3 that sounds great would you book either of those for me for wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people ?	i was able to book at j restaurant for you your reference number is 3kvit5ar they will only hold the table for 15 minutes is there anything else ?
4 nope that sounds great thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#attraction#
1 i am trying to find the parkside pools	parkside pools is located in the centre of town gonville place phone number is 01223446100 is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 can you give me the full address of parkside pools as well as the zip code ?	the address of parkside pools is cb11ly and the zip code is gonville place can i help you with anything else ?
3 that s all for now thanks a bunch !	great ! have a great day

#train#
1 i want to book a train i would like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:45	what is your destination ?
2 the train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 16:45 going to ely	what day will you be travelling ?
3 i would like to go on saturday	how about tr8860 ?
4 sure i would like to book that train for 4 passengers	booking was successful the total fee is 14.08 gbp payable at the station reference number is : vx48zgh0
5 that s wonderful i am all set thank you goodbye	you re very welcome ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town	there are nine restaurants in the south part of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town it s address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and it s phone number is 01223 400170
3 can you tell me what kind of food they serve ?	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food
4 i want one in the moderate priced range what is the price range of chiquito restaurant ?	i m afraid chiquito restaurant bar is expensive pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the south
5 what is the address for pizza hut cherry hinton ?	their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
6 sorry what is the area again ?	it is located in the south part of town
7 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant ?	there are 2 expensive french restaurants restaurant two two and cote which would you like to book ?
2 i like the sound of restaurant two two could you give me their postcode address and phone number ?	restaurant two two is located at 22 chesterton road chesterton their postcode is cb43ax you can reach them at 01223351880 any other information i can provide ?
3 no that s everything i needed today thank you	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the west part of town could i also get the phone number and address of the restaurant ?	there is la margherita and prezzo which one were you looking for ?
2 i dont care	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west of town and is in the moderate price range the address is 21 - 24 northampton road and the phone number is 01799 521260
3 thank you	you re welcome let us know if we can help you with anything else

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves world food it should be a really good restaurant and it s ok if it s expensive	there are no matching restaurants
2 how about italian ? i would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive i would like the address phone number and area	caffe uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 448620
3 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i need a train leaving cambridge after 17:30	okay is there somewhere specific you would like to travel to ?
2 i want to go to stansted airport on saturday	how many tickets would you like ?
3 i am not sure yet could you tel me how long the train takes to get there ?	the train ride lasts 28 minutes would you like to book a ticket now ?
4 no thank you	ok is there another train i can check for you ?
5 no that is all thank you	okay don t hesitate to call us if you need further assistance
6 thank you for your assistance bye !	you are very welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in any area could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode ? i m very hungry and need food !	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is c.b 2 1 n.t
2 thank you goodbye !	you re welcome !
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please	we have no matching results
2 how about gastropub ?	what part of town would you like ?
3 i do not care	does the price range matter to you ?
4 nah whatever you can find is cool	there are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro royal standard the cow pizza kitchen and bar and the slug and lettuce
5 what is the address of backstreet bistro ? phone number and post code ?	the backstreet bistro s address is 2 sturton street city centre postcode is c.b 1 2 q.a and the phone number is 01223 306306 anything else i can help you with ?
6 that is all thank you goodbye	enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that offers british food in a moderate price range can you help me with that ?	yes i have many in the center of town and on in the west do you have a preference for area ?
2 let s try the west	i have one in the west called saint johns chop house would you like a reservation here ?
3 for now can i just get the phone number and postcode ?	their number is 01223353110 postcode is cb30ad
4 thanks that s everything i need	thank you for choosing cambridge towninfo centre

#restaurant#
1 can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant ?	i show five that fit your criteria may i ask the location you are in ? this would help refine our search
2 it doesn t matter what area can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on wednesday	would you like more details on any of the available restaurants before booking a table ?
3 if there is one that you know of that you recommend that would be fine i don t know any so some guidance would be great	how about la margherita ?
4 okay as long as it s in the same price range	la margherita was unavailable i was able to book you at zizzi cambridge which is in the same price range your reference number is qrj5mp30 is this acceptable ?
5 great yes it is and thank you	will you be needing anything else today ?
6 no that s all thanks again for your help	thank you for using our service

#train#
1 i need to book a train for monday from ely to cambridge to arrive by 14:00 for 6 people	what time would you like to leave by ?
2 anytime as long as i arrive by 14:00 can you provide me with a reference number after booking ?	great i booked six tickets on tr4095 departing at 11:35 and arriving in cambridge at 11:52 your confirmation number is w6pwpyop
3 that is all i needed good day to you	have a great day !

#train#
1 am looking for a train,it should leave after 14:15 and should depart from london kings cross	is your destination cambridge or another location ?
2 yes my destination is cambridge	what day would you like that train ? the tr8842 train departs friday at 15:17 would you like me to book ?
3 i need the arrival time	the arrival time is 16:08
4 thanks that s all good bye	welcome again some other time

#hotel#
1 everyone keeps telling me i have to stay at cityroomz when i visit next have you heard of it ?	yes it is a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town they don t have a star rating but do offer free wifi would you like help booking a room there ?
2 yes i would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday	i m so sorry but i was unable to book per your request would you like to try a shorter stay or a different date ?
3 well are there any other hotels that i can stay at during this time i really need these dates	sure do you want the same part of town ?
4 no please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday is unavailable can you try one night ?	one night was a success your reference number is kyh3r6az
5 thank you so much	is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 no that is all thanks	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi	there are 32 hotels/guesthouses that offer free wifi do you want to stay on a specific side of town or a specific amenity you want ?
2 i would like to be in the south and i prefer a guesthouse	i have 3 listings in that area,what price range were you looking for ?
3 price does not matter as long as they have 3 stars	i have one the bridge guest house shall i book it for you ?
4 no,let me check around,i will call back	have a nice day call back if you need anything

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi	the ashley hotel is a 2 star moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi would you be interested in booking a room at this location ?
2 where is it located ? i m looking for something in the east	express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel with free wifi it is in the east and is in the expensive price range
3 what type of place is the express ?	express by holiday inn cambridge is a hotel
4 do they also have free parking ?	yes it has free parking and wifi would you like me to make a reservation for you at the express by holiday inn cambridge ?
5 what type of hotel is it ?	this is an expensive hotel
6 i want to make sure that it s a hotel and not just a guest house it sounds like it s not a guest house though is that right ?	it is a hotel not a guesthouse
7 thank you very much !	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no thank you that will be everything	glad to help thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant	there are no moderately priced steakhouse restaurants would you like to change your query ?
2 how about moderately priced british food ?	there are four options in centre and one option in west do you have a preference on the area ?
3 can you give me the phone numbers please	do you want the phone numbers to restaurant one seven ?
4 okay so may i have the number please ?	restaurant one seven s phone number is 01223 337766
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range ?	of course ! there are 21 such restaurants available do you have a preference for the type of food ?
2 yes australian please	i actually do not have knowledge of any moderate australian restaurants in the centre there are some british restaurants i could inform you about
3 actually could you look up some turkish restaurants instead ?	there are 2 turkish restaurants the anatolia and efes restaurant would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you ?
4 yes,i need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on sunday please	i have made a reservation at efes restaurant for 6 people on sunday at 17:00 the reference number is 8nr6paim is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that is all thank you good by	thank you let me know if you need anything else bye

#restaurant#
1 could you help me find a restaurant that s moderately priced and services sri lankan cuisine ?	i m sorry i don t see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants would you like to try another sort of cuisine ?
2 yes are there are restaurants with lebanese cuisine ?	no i m sorry there are no sri lankan restaurants in the moderate or the expensive price range can i help you find something else ?
3 do you have a moderately priced restaurant serving lebanese food ?	yes ali baba serves lebanese may i book a table for you ?
4 yes see if there is booking for 6 people at 11:15 on thursday	i m sorry i was unable to book the restaurant would you like to try a different restaurant ?
5 yes is there another restaurant serving lebanese food that you can recommend ?	no i am sorry the ali baba is the only one another place maybe ?
6 yes please try a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i was able to book you at the oak bistro your reference number is 11wh7x3k is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 nope that should do it ! thanks !	okay great ! enjoy your lunch

#restaurant#
1 yes may i have the address for restaurants in the south part of town preferably something moderately priced	there are two options pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food and is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and is located at 152 - 154 hills road anything else i can help you with today ?
2 that it thank you goodbye	you re welcome enjoy your food

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from cambridge on monday	where is your destination please ?
2 my destination is norwich i am hoping i could catch a train after 15:15	will you be traveling alone ?
3 yes i will be by myself looking for one ticket please	tr9460 leaves cambridge monday at 15:36 would you like to reserve a seat ?
4 no i just need the price and arrival time	the price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes do you need to reserve a seat ?
5 not at this time thanks for the information	more specifically the train arrives in norwich at 16:55 if there is nothing more thank you for calling goodbye

#train#
1 i need help finding a train it needs to be going to cambridge and should arrive by 20:30	there is one leaving from londons king vross the refernce number is vurc2cka
2 i need to leave on tuesday does that one leave on tuesday ?	there is a train that leaves from birmingham new street on tuesday that arrives at cambridge at 20:23 shall i book this for you ?
3 no i need to leave from leicester	very well what time would you like to leave ?
4 i don t care just make sure i can be there by 20:30	tr0363 departs leicester at 09:09 and arrives in cambridge at 10:54 on tuesday would you like me to book that for you ?
5 yes i need three seats on the train please	great i got you three seats on that train for a total cost of 113.40 pounds your reference number is bg6no020
6 okay that is all i need	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the west part of town	okay i have found 2 restaurants one is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range
2 i want the cheap one please	la margherita fits the bill great place can i make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please i d like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on saturday	that booking was successful your reference number is 3lwl9xaa
4 thank you for all your help have a great day	happy to be of help and i hope you enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food in any price range	where would like it to be located ?
2 it does not matter	do you have a certain price range ?
3 no i don t care	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving catalan food
4 is there a restaurant that serves international food ? can you give me the address ?	there are three how about the varsity restaurant their address is 35 saint andrews street city centre
5 i will try that one thank you and good bye	thank you for calling this system goodbye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please	there are several trains where are you going ?
2 i am going to cambridge from leicester i am planning to leave on sunday and i need to be there by 11:45	if you take the tr1079 at 9:09 you can arrive in cambridge by 10:54 would you like me to book it ?
3 yes that sounds great i would like to book the train for 7 people what is the reference number ?	there is the reference number tr4106
4 thank you for your help	thank you for using our services do you need any further assistance ?
5 that is all i needed thank you	you re welcome have a nice day and please call us again !
6 wait i don t think that s a valid reference number	35vbb0lk if your reference numbers what else may i help you with ?
7 great nothing else thanks again goodbye for now	most welcome and safe journey

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay i d like a hotel not a guesthouse and i don t care about internet	do you have a specific area you would like to stay in ?
2 the west please	i can offer you the huntingdon marriott which is expensive or the cambridge belfry which is cheap
3 i d like the cambridge belfry please	great ! do you need information on the cambridge belfry or would you like to book a room ?
4 i would like a room starting on sunday for 4 nights there will be 6 of staying	you are all set the reference number is 12ooowtr can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no you ve been great thank you goodbye	your are welcome i trust you will enjoy your visit
6 thank you goodbye	bye have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i need a south restaurant with british food	i m sorry but i cannot find any british food located in the south part of town
2 is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town ?	i ve found three chinese restaurants in the south part of town does price range matter to you ?
3 no any price range is fine i would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants	peking restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant that is located at 10 homerton street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant my friend recommended i think she called it the curry prince	yes i found what you re looking for would you like the address ?
2 sure and can you book it for friday at 12:00 for 3 people ?	the address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton unfortunately the restaurant is fully booked do you have another restaurant or type of food in mind ?
3 something in the same area and price range would work	i have rajmahal which is in the same area and price range would you like me to book a table there ?
4 sure thing i ll need a reference number too	your booking was successful the reference number is fyfxwh1z is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 great thank you so much	you are very welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that will be all for today thank you so much for your help	you are welcome have a lovely day

#restaurant#
1 i don t care about the price range just recommend me a restaurant that serves european food i would also like to get the phone number and directions	what area of town would you like ?
2 i don t care about the area anywhere	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
3 thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

#attraction#
1 hello i m looking for a place to go in the centre of town	there are loads of attractions in the centre of town do you have a specific type in mind ?
2 no just architecture i would also like the phone number and postcode please	may i suggest all saints church ? the post code is cb58bs
3 that sounds great ! can you give me the phone number as well ?	the phone number for all saints church is 01223452587
4 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	enjoy your visit to cambridge and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 are there any moderately priced places to eat with british styled food ?	yes i have 5 places what about cotto ?
2 cotto is fine i want to book a table for 1 person at 12:00 on sunday	cotto is completely booked for saturday at noon could i direct you to a different restaurant ?
3 yes please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range	restaurant one seven is also british cuisine moderate priced in the center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation
4 thank you that sounds like a great place	i have booked your reservation for restaurant one seven on saturday at 12:00 your reference number is dyszrx2b do you need any other assistance ?
5 no that will be all thank you very much	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi this might be a long shot but can you help me find a restaurant that serves swedish food ? i don t care about price	there are no restaurants serving swedish food
2 how about asian oriental type of food ?	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the centre of town would you like their number ?
3 no thank you i just need the address and postcode please	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their postcode is c.b 2 1 rq is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat chinese food in the centre	how about charlie chan ? it is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre
2 sure i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on saturday	i m booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 saturday at charlie chan what name should i place this under ?
3 book it for xxxx can i please get a reference number ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 are there any other cheap restaurants in the area ?	not in that criteria perhaps another area or price range ?
5 are there any in the same area and price range but not chinese ?	i don t know what i was thinking earlier we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre j restaurant serves asian oriental should we try that ?
6 yes please try j restaurant asian oriental food sounds good	i was able to book you into the j restaurant and your reference number is 87g7fwzm
7 thank you for your help ! that will be all good bye	you re welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 i want to visit a college in the centre of town	you re in luck we have 13 do you have any preferences ? for example downing college over on regent street offers free entry
2 that would be great can you please give me their phone number ?	their number is 01223334860 anything else i can do for you ?
3 no that will be all thank you	thank you enjoy the college goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that goes to london liverpool street and leaves after 17:15	i can certainly help you with that which day did you have in mind to travel ?
2 i want to leave on friday	unfortunately the only train i have matching your criteria is one leaving 23:59 and arriving at 01:27 in the morning did you want to book that ?
3 yes that s fine i ll take 8 tickets for that train please	alright your train tickets have been booked and the reference number is nfa1dpxi the train id is tr3138 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 nope that is everything thank you so much !	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i d like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	there are 3 restaurants in the moderate price range and on the east part of town would you like indian or italian food ?
2 i don t have a preference either one is fine	rajmahal is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east part of town would you like more information ?
3 yes please can i have the address phone number and postcode ?	here is the information you asked for phone is 01223 244955 and address is at 7 barnwell road fen ditton c.b 5 8 rg is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	your welcome good bye

#attraction#
1 i would like to find a place to go in the centre of town that includes multiple sports	unfortunately i am not finding anything that meets your criteria
2 are there museums instead ?	there are 11 museums in the centre of town how about castle galleries in unit su43 grande arcade saint andrews street ?
3 that would be perfect thanks for all your help have a good night	is there anything else you need help with ?
4 no that s all	okay then enjoy your day

#attraction#
1 i m looking for information about a particular attraction it s called the man on the moon	the man on the moon is on 2 norfolk street in the centre area would you like to order tickets ?
2 not right now can you tell me it s postcode and entrance fee ?	i m sorry we don t have any information in our database regarding their entrance fee but their postcode is cb12lf can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s all thanks	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i need some french food any price range is fine	cote is an expensive french restaurant in the city centre
2 what is the address and phone number ?	cote is located on bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites ?	i m sorry we have no light bites restaurants in the city centre would you like to try another cuisine ?
2 then how about one that serves european food ?	yes there are 8 restaurants that meet that criteria i can recommend the eraina
3 do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on friday ?	i am sorry i am not able to book that for you i was able to get a table for you at michaelhouse cafe your reference number is vuh4cst4
4 thank you for your help	have a great day

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge on thursday	there s a train that leaves at 9 am and arrives at 9:51 am is that good ?
2 no i actually need to leave after 12:00	okay and what is your destination ?
3 i need to go to ely after 12:00	i have a train that leaves ely on thursday at 13:50 and arrives by 14:07 would you like to book tickets ?
4 yes that would be great can you book tickets for 7 people please and i ll need a reference number for it	booked ! your reference number is uct2sj8w fee is 30.8 paid at the station anything else
5 no thank you that is all	okay great glad i could be of assistance

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
2 is there anything else ?	the nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well
3 what kind of food does the nirala serve ?	the nirala serves indian
4 what is their phone number ?	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no thank you i have all the information that i need now	thank you for using our system good bye
6 good bye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a restaurant serving christmas food	i m sorry there is no restaurant listed serving christmas food would you like to try something else ?
2 how about indian food ?	cocum serves indian food in the expensive price range and in the west part of town
3 what s the address for cocum ?	cocum s address is 71 castle street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re quite welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 i want to make a booking at the alexander bed and breakfast	ok how many nights would you like to book ?
2 4 nights please	what are the dates you are staying ?
3 i will be staying four nights starting on friday	how many people will be staying ?
4 4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from friday	ok your booking was successful and the reference number is td8tu8io
5 thanks very much !	you are welcome ! have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town	i m sorry i don t have anything matching that description would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find ?
2 no i think i d rather find something european in the center of town that is cheap can you help me with that ?	i m sorry but i don t have anything matching that description would you like to expand your food type to find more ?
3 sure how about about one that serves indian food ?	there is a restaurant called kohinoor that serves cheap indian food in the centre area would you like to book a reservation ?
4 no thank you but can i please have the address postcode and phone number ?	yes certainly their address is 74 mill road city centre and their postcode is cb12as their telephone number is 01223323639 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no i don t need further help thank you	you are welcome please contact us again soon have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is an italian restaurant in the south of town in the moderate price range
2 what type of food are they what is their address ?	they serve italian food the address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	la margherita is in the west part of town and it is in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 i would like to know the phone number please	it is at 01223 315232
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi	there are 23 guesthouses with free wifi what price range or area do you prefer ?
2 i would prefer a price range of expensive	it seems that there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range can i offer you a different price range or a different type of hotel ?
3 how about moderate price range with a star of 4 ?	there are several do you have a preference for area ?
4 area doesn t matter but i need to know if they have free parking	i have discovered 9 choices fitting your description may i recommend the archway house ? it s on gilbert road
5 sounds great thank you	you re welcome would you like me to make a reservation in your name ?
6 yes please make a reservation in my name thank you	i will need to know the day you will be arriving the amount of days and for how many people before making the reservation
7 i m sorry i don t need a reservation right now can you just tell me if they offer free parking ?	yes archway house offers free parking may i help with something else ?
8 great thanks that is all i needed	should i book that for you ?
9 no i can book myself later thanks good bye	thank you for using our services do you require any further assistance ?

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town	i m afraid that we don t have that type of attraction in the centre of town perhaps somewhere else ? or a different type of attraction ?
2 sure is there a nightclub in that part of town ?	i am sorry but i did not find a nightclub in the center of the town if you like i can search in the west where there are a lot nightclubs
3 would you mind double checking i thought i visited a nightclub in the centre of town before	oh my i do apologize i was wrong there are 5 different nightclubs available the ballare club salsa kambar the soul tree and the fez club
4 could you tell me the entrance fee and phone number for club salsa ?	entry is 5 pounds and the number is 07782218745
5 thank you for answering all my questions that s all i need	of course let me know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 hi there can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town ? someplace with british food ?	i ve heard great things about cotto want a reservation ?
2 what price range is that restaurant ?	cotto is in the moderate price range would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no that won t be necessary could you just give me the address and postcode please ?	sure the address is 183 east road city centre and the postcode is cb11bg
4 great that s all for now thanks !	you are very welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 i would like to visit a cinema of the west side	i am sorry but i do not have any cinema s on the west side of town can i check a diffrent location or help find something else for you ?
2 how about a museum then ?	i have 7 museums in the west of the city 6 are free entry and one is 350 do you have a preference for a museum or a gallery ?
3 i would prefer a museum one with free entry if possible	the museum of classical archaeology is lovely and they have no entrance fee would that fit your needs ?
4 that is fine book me a ticket and get me a reference number	we don t have the ability to book tickets for the museum from here but if you d like to contact them their phone number is 01223335153 can i help with anything else ?
5 that s all thank you	you re welcome thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend ?	there are many expensive restaurants in the city centre do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i would like to eat indian food	there are 5 indian restaurants available in the centre what day are you looking to dine ?
3 i need a reservation for thursday there will be 1 person at 11:15 any of the 5 restaurants would be fine	i was able to get you a table at the golden curry your reference number is 7dd4dk3n and they ll hold your table for 15 minutes can i help with anything else ?
4 thank you and goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 i need to find a train going to cambridge from london kings cross	there are 70 trains meeting those requirements what day of the week are you leaving ?
2 i need to leave on saturday and arrive by 17:00	i have a train that fits your criteria saturday it leaves at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 no i need to arrive by 5:00 no 6:00 can you check the schedule again ?	i have a train that arrives at 16:08 is that what you are looking for ?
4 i need to arrive in cambridge by 17:00	booking was successful the total fee is 18.88 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 8602x6oe
5 thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you	ok sorry for the confusion about the times if you need help with anything else just let us know

#attraction#
1 do you have information about nightclubs ?	i have details for several nightclubs which area were you looking at ?
2 i am looking for any one you d recommend i just need the address entrance fee and postcode	alright how about kambar it is located at 1 wheeler street and the postcode is cb23qb the entrance fee is 5 pounds is that all you need help with today ?
3 that s all i needed thank you !	no problem happy to help !

#restaurant#
1 looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range	fitzbillies restaurant at 51 trumpington street city centre fits your request would you like me to book a table for you ?
2 i would it s a party of 6 for monday at 15:45 can i get the reference number when you re done ?	your reservation has been made the reference number is gk4f8afs is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that s everything thanks for your help	welcome next time
4 thank you for your help	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town one chinese and one indian please specify the desired cuisine type
2 can i have the phone number of the chinese place please ?	golden wok is located in the north side of town serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 350688
3 ok thank you	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant by the name of royal standard do you know where it is ?	yes royal standard is in the city centre at 290 mill road
2 great could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on saturday ?	i was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard your reference number is: fzp2xk9q do you need anything else today ?
3 no that is all i needed thank you so much bye	you re welcome thanks for allowing me to help goodbye !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train on sunday that leaves after 17:15	what are your departure and arrival destinations ?
2 i ll be leaving from cambridge and heading to stansted airport	ok there are 7 choices is there a particular time you d like to arrive at your destination ?
3 not really it just needs to leave after 17:15	there are plenty of choices starting at 17:40 and leaving every hour onwards do you want me to book it ?
4 yes book it for 7 people at 17:40	booking was made ref number is 6qwlfww5 ! do you need anything more ?
5 thats all see ya !	have a safe trip bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat gastropub food	do you prefer an expensive or a moderate priced restaurant ?
2 i d prefer moderately priced please	i have one available it s called the cow pizza kitchen and bar it s located in the center of town can i offer to book you a table ?
3 no thank you can i have the postcode ?	their postcode is cb23qf
4 thanks that s all i need to today goodbye !	have a nice day bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a persian restaurnt in the north part of the city	unfortunately there are no persian restaurants in the city would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food is in the north part of town and in the expensive price range
3 could you tell me the address and phone number please ?	of course their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 high street chesterton chesterton is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel that includes free wifi but it doesn t need to have free parking	i have 3 hotels in the city that meet your request are you looking for a certain area of the city ?
2 i need a hotel in the east	i have a and b guest house in the east does that sound good ? i can help you book a room there if you d like
3 yes that will be fine book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on wednesday	i m sorry we were not able to book a room at that hotel would you like us to try booking another hotel ?
4 okay sure try another hotel in the same price range	okay you re booked at avalon with reference number 7u6turws may i help with anything else ?
5 that was all that i needed thank you !	thank you for calling enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves scandinavian food	there are no scandinavian restaurants in the south part of town
2 how about italian food ?	yes we have two italian restaurants in the south area would you prefer the moderately priced or the expensive one ?
3 i do not have a preference please make a suggestion	pizza hut cherry hinton is an italian restaurant it is on the south part of town and it is in the moderate price range would you like the address and phone number ?
4 and postcode ?	post code is c.b 1 7 d.y phone number is 01223 323737 and address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 great thank you	thank you have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking	i have 19 places to stay with 4 stars and parking which area would you prefer ?
2 i would like to be in the north area	there are no hotels that fit your criteria however there are 7 guesthouses available would you like me to book one of those for you ?
3 are there any guesthouses with free wifi ?	yes all 7 guesthouses have internet available what price range are you looking for ?
4 oh cool it really doesn t matter which would you recommend ?	how about acorn guest house ?
5 how much per night ?	it is moderately priced i don t have an exact price
6 ok i don t need a room right now but can i have the post code and phone number for acorn ?	sure postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888 is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 thanks ! that s all i needed today bye !	thank you have a great day

#hotel#
1 i need a 4 star place to stay	what area would you like to stay in ?
2 i want it in the north and it should include free parking	i have a few places do you have a price range in mind ?
3 can you please recommend one for me ?	i think the acorn guest house is lovely !
4 please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday	yes i was able to book your guesthouse reservation your reference number is nvdlg2qr anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that was all thank you	happy to be of service and enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#attraction#
1 i am looking for information on the kings college attraction	kings college is located in the centre of town at kings parade phone number 01223331100 is there any other information you need ?
2 what is the postcode ?	the post code is cb21st
3 that is all i needed today thanks !	glad to be of help have a great day

#restaurant#
1 hello could you please find me a place to dine ?	did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at ?
2 the restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food	i do not have any restaurants meeting that description would you like to try a different type of food ?
3 do you have one that serves british food ?	there are 2 restaurants that serve british food the graffiti and travellers rest would you like me to book one for you ?
4 sure either as long as it is expensive and in the west can you book a table for 1 on tuesday at 17:45 ?	ok i have you booked at graffiti on tuesday at 17:45
5 can i get a reference number please ?	sorry apparently that booking didn t clear i got you a table at travellers rest instead reference number is: brtyjsc8 can i help with anything else ?
6 no thanks for all your help	enjoy your meal and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves cantonese food	there are no restaurants that serve cantonese food in the moderate price range
2 how about chinese type of food ?	the golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
3 their phone number please	their phone number is 01223 350688
4 what is the area ?	it is located in the north part of town
5 thank you for your help good bye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called restaurant two two	restaurant two two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side would you like to make a reservation ?
2 can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday ?	yes your ref # is e7d8f4sm can i help you with anything more ?
3 no thank you ! that is all !	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find a restaurant called the slug and lettuce do you know where that is ?	yes it is in the centre area
2 i d like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on saturday	certainly i have booked you for saturday at 16:45 for 3 people the slug and lettuce will there be anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 could i get a reference number please ?	i am sorry i went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number i can look for another restaurant

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a museum in the town centre	may i suggest primavera located at 10 king s parade the phone number is 01223357708 admission is free
2 sounds perfect what is the postcode ?	the post code is cb21sj is there anything else you would like to know ?
3 no that will be all thank you	thank you and have a pleasant visit goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town	there is a place called nandos that specializes in portuguese food on the south side of town
2 what is the address and postcode ?	the phone number is 01223 327908 and the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range would you like additional information ?
2 what is the phone number and price range	chiquito restaurant bar is expensive their phone number is 01223 400170 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 i would like the address please	the address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
4 ok thank you that s all for today then	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves welsh food	there are no welsh restaurants in the north of town would you like something else ?
2 italian	da vinci pizzeria would be your only option in the north would you like their address and phone number ?
3 that would be great thanks !	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707 may i help you with anything else ?
4 that s it goodbye	thank you goodbye
5 thanks !	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 so i need a guesthouse with free parking	there are 21 guesthouses with free parking is there a particular area or price range you d like to look at ?
2 yes i would like it to be in the south and in the moderate range please	i have two options the aylesbray lodge guest house and the bridge guest house both offer free wifi and parking can i help arrange a room for you ?
3 yes that would be great i would be happy with either of those options	great ! lets go with aylesbray lodge guest house would you like me to book that for you ?
4 no thank you could i get the postcode please ?	yes it s cb17sr
5 that is all for now thanks	you are welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town	how about curry prince they are in the moderate price range in the east part of town
2 can i get the address phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223 566388 their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 jj
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi	there is one hotel and 6 guesthouses in the east with free internet do you prefer a certain price range ?
2 no i just need it on the east side	how about the leverton house ?
3 sure i d like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday	sorry but the hotel isn t available during that time what about changing the date ?
4 how about 2 nights instead ?	booking was successful.reference number is : hdtpos34 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that s all i need thank you very much	you are welcome i can help with attractions and restaurants if you wish
6 not at his time but i will keep it in mind have a good day bye	thank you enjoy your trip good bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food	okay would you like to go to the centre or south part of town ?
2 i would like the south part of town please	frankie and bennys meets you criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please there are 4 of us for this friday at 16:00	booking was unsuccessful perhaps another day or time ?
4 how about 15:00 instead ?	okay that worked and i ve successfully booked your table i can give you the reference number if you d like
5 yes i will need the reference number	your reference number is : vru8vsg0 do you need any further assistance ?
6 no that was everything i needed thank you for your help !	you re very welcome have a good meal !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant somewhere not too expensive but not bottom of the barrel either something in the mid range	there are 31 what kind of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like them to serve barbecue food	i m sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food do you have an alternate cuisine preference ?
3 how about gastropub food ?	all right sir the cow pizza kitchen and bar has gastropub food and it is in the moderate price range would you like to make a reservation there ?
4 yes please.book for five at 1700hrs or 1600hrs and get me the reference number	what day would you like to book for ?
5 on thursday please	sorry the restaurant isn t available at 17:00 do you want to try a different time ?
6 how about 16:00 ?	yes i have a reservation available for 16:00 your reference number is gxv1uifj is there anything else you need ?
7 that is all i need for today thanks for your extraordinary service !	you are very welcome please let us know if you need anything else

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a hotel called the worth house can you help me find it ?	absolutely the worth house is located in the north it offers free wifi and parking they are located at 152 chesterton road can i assist you in booking a room ?
2 is this a hotel or a guesthouse ?	the worth house is a guesthouse
3 ok that will be perfect i think thats all i need bye !	okay have a great day !

#train#
1 i need a train to stevenage	absolutely from where would you like to depart ?
2 i am leaving out of cambridge i need the ticket for sunday	tr5390 is the first train of the day leaving at 5:21 would that work for you ?
3 unfortunately i need to leave after 09:30 is there one available then ?	sure thing train tr8464 leaves at 11:21 will that work ?
4 that will probably work fine can you tell me the travel time for that train ?	the first train of sunday leaves at 11:21 and arrives by 12:10 does that meet your requirements ?
5 by travel time i mean the duration of the train trip	i m sorry that comes out to a 49-minute train ride does that sound agreeable to you ?
6 yes that will be fine	am i booking one ticket ?
7 no that s not necessary i can book it later thanks have a good day	thank you for using our system !
8 thanks again goodbye !	thank you ! goodbye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please	ok i can assist you with that where will you be departing from ?
2 i will be leaving from cambridge	i found more than 1,000 trains do you have a destination in mind ?
3 i need to go to birmingham new street	thanks and what day will you be traveling please ?
4 monday is the day i plan to travel	these is the schedule for that day
5 i need a train going to birmingham new street leaving on monday the train is going to cambridge leaving after 18:30	tr3283 leaves cambridge at 19:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 21:44 do you want a booking ?
6 yes thank you	is it one ticket you need or more ?
7 just one ticket please	booking was successful the total fee is 75.09 gbp payable at the station reference number is : bp0p7tu6
8 thank you.that s all i need for now	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#attraction#
1 hi ! can you please help me ? i m looking for information on great saint mary s church	yes i can ! great saint mary s church is located in the center of town at market square in postcode cb23pq the entry fee is 2 pounds
2 thanks very much that s all i need for now goodbye	okay let us know if you need more help

#restaurant#
1 hello i would like to eat somewhere expensive in the north	saigon city is an expensive place in the north part of town
2 okay i want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on saturday	you are all set for a party of 6 on saturday at saigon city reference #3ib3ppd0 is there anything else i could help you with today ?
3 no thank you that is all	all right enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking	there are 2 hotels with a 3 star rating and free parking would you like to stay in the centre or south ?
2 either is fine i d like a guesthouse	sorry i was mistaken there are 3 guesthouses matching your request one each in the south north and west would you like to book one ?
3 yes please which is the cheapest ?	i can only tell you they are all in the moderate price range do you have any other preferences ?
4 no i would like to make a reservation for wednesday for 3 nights and 8 people i will also require a reference number	i was unable to book your stay at any of the three hotels would you like to change the length of your stay or change the day ?
5 can you please try a 2 day stay	booking was successful for the bridge guest house your reference number is : lbeov690
6 thank you have a nice day	thank you have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food	it does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
2 how about asian oriental food ?	kymmoy is in centre and saigon city is in north would you like more information on one of those ?
3 could you tell me the phone number of saigon city ?	the phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 would you like any additional information ?
4 yes i would like the number for saigon city	01223 356555 is the number
5 thank you can you also tell me the address for saigon city please ?	the address for saigon city is 169 high street chesterton chesterton
6 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the north part of town
7 thank you good bye	thank you goo bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should go to cambridge and should arrive by 11:45	okay where are you departing from ?
2 i want to leave from london liverpool street	okay what day of the week are you looking for the train ?
3 i will depart on wednesday	booking was successful the total fee is 16.6 gbp payable at the station reference number is : fkdue0oj
4 wait this is for 3 people are there enough available seats ?	it looks as though they have only booked you for one ticket i m sorry
5 could you redo booking for 3 people please	okay the booking has been revised to reflect three guests my apologies for that
6 can i get the new reference number ?	of course ! you re new reference number is zf8qfw7e can i help you with anything else ?
7 no- i think you have answered all my questions ! thank you !	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge good bye

#attraction#
1 yes hello i m looking for a particular attraction called downing college	t is located on regent street in the centre
2 thank you so much !	you are welcome ! did you need anything else today ?
3 no that was all good bye	thanks and enjoy !

#attraction#
1 i am trying to get some suggestions on where i can take my wife for our anniversary we want to try to find something fun to do	how about whipple museum of the history of science ?
2 sounds interesting can i get the entrance fee and postcode info ?	it is a free attraction and the postcode is cb23rh is there anything else ?
3 well i guess i forgot to specify that i need something on the south end of town	i m sorry but there is nothing on the south side of town would you like to change the area ?
4 are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city ?	i m sorry yes nusha is an entertainment venue that i think you will enjoy postcode for that is cb17dy but there is no entrance fee listed
5 that s all thanks for the info !	thank you.good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need an expensive restaurant	what kind of food are you interested in ?
2 i would like vietnamese food	no restaurants matching your queries have been found would you like to search for another food type ?
3 is there any restaurants severing north american food	gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves north american food
4 is that expensive ?	yes it is listed as expensive in my database would you like more information on it ?
5 yes i would like to have the phone number and postcode please	phone number is 01223 312598 postcode is c.b 2 1 ab

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a restaurant that serves irish food can you help me ?	i m sorry there aren t any restaurants that serve irish food would you like help with anything else ?
2 can i have a thai restaurant instead ?	there are two thai restaurants there is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area

#restaurant#
1 help me find a restaurant called hakka please	that restaurant serves chinese food and is expensive
2 i d like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 1815 please	great i have booked that for you and your reference number is xdyjmto7
3 thank you for your help good day	you as well thanks for using the service !
4 of course ! thanks good bye	welcome again next time enjoy our services

#train#
1 am looking for a train it should depart from peterborough and should arrive by 21:30	i have a train going to cambridge that will arrive at 21:09 and leaves at 20:19 does that work for you ?
2 it will work for me thank you	your train has been booked ! the price is 16.5 gbp and the reference number is jsggvuc8 the train id is tr0583 have a wonderful day

#restaurant#
1 hi can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ? i d like it to be on the east side of town if possible	there are no restaurants serving singaporean food on the east part of town
2 can you help me find some chinese food then ?	yu garden is located on the east part of town would you like the telephone and address ?
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a and the number is 01223 248882
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to eat at rajmahal	of course rajmahal is located in the east part of town at 7 barnwell road fen ditton
2 can i get their phone number and postcode so i can pay them a visit it sounds like a great place to dine	sure ! their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg is there anything else i can help with ?
3 nope that was all that i needed to know thank you	you re very welcome feel free to let us know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves australasian food	there are no restaurants matching your requests may i help you find a different type of restaurant ?
2 i d like to find some mediterranean food and need to know their address and phone number	there is an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food located at thompsons lane fen ditton their phone number is 01223 362525
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel cambridge belfry	the address is back lane cambourne the phone number is 01954714600 is there anything else i can help with ?
2 what is the price range of the hotel ?	the cambridge belfry hotel has a cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that ll be all thanks goodbye	you re welcome good-bye

#hotel#
1 i need a two star room free parking included	yes i have two options in the north and on in the east any preference ?
2 no preference either will do	ashley hotel in northe part of town
3 yes i need it for 5 nights from tuesday for 6 people	i m sorry but that booking did not go through shall i try another hotel for you ?
4 yes one in the same price range	i was able to book you at express by holiday inn cambridge your reference number is msgbhkwk is there anything else that i can assist with ?
5 no thank you that will be all	okay thank you for calling enjoy your stay
6 i will have a nice day	so happy i was able to help good-bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i need a recommendation for a restaurant in town	i know several great restaurants ! do you have a cuisine or location preference ? or maybe a price range preference ?
2 the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the moderate price range	i think xxx restaurant is good
3 is there a yelp rating for the restaurant ?	i m sorry but i don t have yelp ratings
4 ok book what you deem best and get me the reference number	does the golden wok sound good ? i will need to know how many are in your party and what time you d like a reservation
5 the reservation is just for me this saturday at 15:45 please	before reserving i just want to confirm you want the reservation for the golden wok ?
6 yes i would like a reservation for the golden wok for one person at 15:45 this saturday please give me the reference number as well	ok i have your table booked your reference number is 0iymoqtn is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that is all thank you	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal	sure thing do you have a type of food you d like or a specific area you d like to eat in ?
2 the restaurant should be in the south and should serve eastern european food if there is a restaurant like that	i am sorry there are no restaurants that meet that criteria can i help with anything else ?
3 how about portugese ?	there is one shall i book it for you ?
4 what price range is that one ?	this is a cheap one
5 i need a table for 4 at 19:30 on thursday if that time is unavailable please reserve for 18:30	i have booked you a table for four people on thursday at 19:30 at nandos the reference number is x15ntnnn can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that is all the information that i needed thank you for your time	thanks for using our helpline hope you have a great day
7 thank you ! you too ! good bye	bye and have a great time at nandos !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a hotel called finches ? it s a bed and breakfast	there were no matches found
2 i need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called finches please it s a bed and breakfast	unfortunately i am not finding a match for a business by that name would you like me to try and find another place ?
3 no let me call back,maybe i have the wrong name	what else can i do for you ?
4 i stayed at finches last year can you please look for it again ?	i was able to find the hotel but the booking was unsuccessful do you have any other hotel you d like to try ?
5 do you have another hotel in that same price range ?	the cambridge belfry is in the same area and the same price range it s rated 4 stars should i try to book it ?
6 yes please and give me the reference number	the booking was successful your reference number is uqmlog0i can i help you with anything else ?
7 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	and thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre ! have a great day !

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for a nice place to stay while in town the hotel doesn t need to include internet but i d like it to include free parking if it s available	there are 29 places matching that do you have any other preferences ?
2 yes i would prefer the moderate price range please	that narrows your choice to 14 is there a type of hotel or location you prefer ?
3 i am looking for one with a moderate price range possibly with free wifi	the ashley hotel is in the north end and has a 2 star rating would you be interested in staying there ?
4 yes,can you book me a reservation ?	of course ! when would you like to stay ?
5 we will be there wednesday for 4 nights i need a reservation for 7 people	the ashley is unavailable i can book you at lovell lodge though
6 okay let s try that and please get me a reference number	your booking was successful and your reference number is 6y6kp7a2 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 i need the address of the hotel please	their address is 365 milton road would you like their phone number as well ?
8 yes please that would be great in case i get lost	the phone number is 01223425478
9 that s all i need thank you very much for your help !	happy i could help bye !

#attraction#
1 are there any multiple sports in the centre of town ?	sorry not in the centre should i check another area ?
2 well how about a theatre then ? i need the phone number	there are several theaters in the town centre what address are you staying at so i can find the closest one to you ?
3 i m not sure yet which one do you recommend ?	i think the mumford theatre is great ! would you like more information ?
4 yes i need the entrance fee and phone number ?	they don t have the entrance fee posted but their phone number is 08451962320 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no thanks that is all the information i need thank you for your time	i m happy to be of help goodbye !

#hotel#
1 hello ! i m looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars	yes i have two guesthouses that fit that criteria would you like to stay in the north or centre ?
2 do you have anything in the east ?	there is nothing in the east with zero stars and free parking do you want to change the star rating or other criteria ?
3 no can you please check in the north instead then ?	the city centre north b and b meets your criteria do you want to make a reservation ?
4 yes i would like to make a reservation on saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 2 nights	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another hotel ?
5 yes i would like something in the same pricerange	nothing else is available on the cheap side something else perhaps ? i am sorry
6 you can change any other criteria but the price range should be the same as the city centre north b and b please try again	booking was successful at worth house reference number is : e2kq4g5l
7 that s great thanks do you have their address ?	the address is 152 chesterton road
8 ok i m all set here thanks for your help	enjoy your stay at the worth house have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area would you prefer mexican italian chinese or indian ?
2 i would prefer mexican	chiquito restaurant bar serves expensive mexican food in the south part of town would you like more info ?
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for the mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#train#
1 i would like to find a train that is leaving cambridge on monday	i can assist you what is your destination and departure time ?
2 i ll be leaving from london kings cross and need to leave after 17:15	i have a train leaving cambridge for london kings cross monday at 19:00 would you like me to book it ?
3 i need the arrival time and price	the ticket will coat 23.60 pounds and it will arrive at 19:51
4 thanks that s all good bye	alright goodbye now thank you !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced	you have your choice of anatolia or efes restaurant
2 i will choose anatolia address please ?	the address is 30 bridge street in the centre
3 can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on thursday ?	i got a table at efes instead for you your reference number is 2j5aemri is there anything else ?
4 that will be all thank you	thank you for using the system,goodbye

#train#
1 i need to leave cambridge on sunday by train	the first train to leave cambridge departs at 5:00 and goes to london kings cross
2 that will be fine i guess it will arrive by 19:15 i m sure ?	tr2045 will arrive closer to that time it arrives at 18:58 would you like tickets for that one instead ?
3 yes let s go ahead and book that	my apologies i believe there was an error in the database lookup tr2045 is not available but tr3353 arrives at 17:51 on sunday shall we book that instead ?
4 yes please give me travel time and departure time please	certainly the departure time is 17:00 and the travel time is 51 minutes i have booked your ticket the reference number is bjj3gxmx can i help with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you	thank you for using our system !
6 thanks for your help bye !	you are welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food	i m sorry but there is no matching records found that fits your requests
2 what about international food ?	there are three restaurants that serve international food would you like a specific price range ?
3 i do not have a preference	bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre and serving international food and it is a moderate price is there anything i can help you with ?
4 can i get the phone number and postcode please ?	bloomsbury restaurant s phone number is 0871 942 9180 their postcode is c.b 2 3 d.t
5 thank you bye bye	have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 is there any place that serves bbq around here ?	i m sorry there are no bbq places in the city is there another type of food you would be interested in ?
2 i am interested in portuguese food	there are two portuguese restaurants would you prefer the south or centre part of town ?
3 i don t care can you give me one of the address ?	sure nandos in the south and its phone number is 01223 327908
4 i don t care about the price range	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	here is a list of restaurants located in the south side of town in the moderate price range
2 may i have the address and phone number please	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and phone number is 01223 323737
3 thank you goodbye	thank you ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking	i have several options do you have a preference for what side of town you stay in ?
2 no but it should have a star of 4	you should enjoy the acorn guest house it has a 4 star rating and parking it s located in the north their number is 01223525725
3 would you book it for me please there are 3 of us staying for 5 nights	what day will you be checking in ?
4 we will be checking in on tuesday	sorry no rooms available how about another hotel ?
5 can you try another hotel in the same price range ?	i ve booked archway house for you it s located at 52 gilbert road your reference number is f11wa5cb
6 thank you for your help that will be all for now	glad i could help and enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves scandinavian food	no results for your query have been found would you like to try again ?
2 are there any cheap restaurants that serve italian food ?	yes there are five options for cheap italian food three are located in the centre of town one in the north and one in the west part of town do you have a preference on area ?
3 it really doesn t matter but i suppose the north can i get the address and phone number please ?	of course da vinci pizzeria is at 20 milton road chesterton and the number is 01223 351707
4 thank you for your help	you re welcome enjoy your food

#restaurant#
1 am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range	i have two choices in that area and price range would you prefer italian or vietnamese ?
2 i would prefer vietnamese	thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant in the west shall i book a reservation for you ?
3 yes please i d like it to be for tuesday at 12:00	how many people should i make the reservation for ?
4 there will be 7 of us	the booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is kh5f18tn anything else i may assist you with ?
5 no that s it thanks for your help !	you are welcome ! have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel in the south	the lensfield hotel is in the south do you want me to book it for you ?
2 does it include free parking ?	yes the lensfield hotel does have parking would you like me to book it ?
3 thank you goodbye	it s been my pleasure have a great stay in cambridge

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town	the missing sock serves cheap food in the east part of town
2 can i have the phone and address ?	the address of the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you for your help good bye	thank you very much good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town please	do you have a preference as to food type ? i found matches for british indian chinese and gastropub
2 i don t have a preference	the grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food
3 what is the address ?	the address of the grafton hotel restaurant is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 thank you and good bye	you re welcome good bye
5 bye	enjoy your meal
6 goodbye	good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi	there are 29 hotels that fit your criteria do you have an area or price range that you prefer ?
2 not necessarily but i am looking for a 4-star hotel does that narrow it down ?	there are still a fair number of selections to choose from how about the allenbell ? it is a budget-priced guesthouse that fits your criteria its location is 517a coldham lane
3 are you sure it is four stars ? if so could i also have the postcode please ?	certainly yes the allenbell is a 4 star hotel and their postcode is cb13js is there anything else i may help you with today ?
4 no thank you that is all !	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please	there are two italian and one british moderatley priced restaurants are there any you would like to know more information on ?
2 please give me the address of the british restaurant	saint johns chop house is a british restaurant located at 21 - 24 northampton street
3 what type of food do they serve ?	saint johns chop house serves british food
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves welsh food can you help me ?	no information found
2 how about portuguese food ? i don t care about the price range	which area of town would you prefer ?
3 portuguese food in any area	there are two restaurants serving portuguese food nandos in the south and nandos in city center would you like further information on either of those ?
4 could you give me the phone number and address of the nandos in city center ?	nandos can be found at 33-34 saint andrews street and can be reached at 01223 327908 can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no thanks that is all goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#train#
1 i need to find a train that is going to arrive in stevenage by 11:45	the latest train arriving in stevenage is for 10:10 and there are several: tr6334 tr8290 tr7542
2 which one would you like to book ?	that s all up to you !
3 book tr6334 and get me the train id please	tr6334 is the train id would you like to book a seat ?
4 yes book one for me please and please make sure this is for sunday	booking was successful the total fee is 10.24 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 92rw4c6c
5 i didn t need to book a seat i just needed a train id number	as mentioned before the train number is tr6334 you did ask me to book one more time what exactly did you need ?
6 sorry about the confusion i just need a train from steveage to cambridge that arrives by 11:45 i just need the train id	tr2860 arrives at 10:43
7 thank you that was everything goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking to get some information on the acorn guest house	i have the info for that place what would you like to know ?
2 is there a room available for a five night stay beginning friday ?	sure i d be happy to how many total people will be staying with you ?
3 just for 1 person thanks	i m sorry but there seems to be no rooms available could i interest you in another hotel ?
4 yes in the same price range please include reference number	what area are you looking to stay in ?
5 i would like something in the area of the acorn guest house	okay i was able to get you into the archway house and it is also priced moderately your reference number is wt39vb7l
6 yes thank you that is all i need	you re welcome ! have a wonderful week at archway and please contact me if you need anything else

#train#
1 yes please help me book a train to stansted airport	of course from where will you be departing ?
2 cambridge any time after 15:45 on monday	the first train in the time frame you mentioned is the tr1088 from cambridge to stansted airport on monday at 16:40 shall i book that for you ?
3 can you tell me the arrival time of that train ?	the arrival time is 17:08
4 that works for me thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with ? do you need a reservation for that train ?
5 no that would be all thank you very much	thank you have an enjoyable trip

#attraction#
1 are there any places to go in the town centre ?	there are plenty anything in particular you are looking for ?
2 not especially just kicking around the town centre for a few hours and looking for something to do	are you sure ? we have so many different places to go - i d love to get some more input from you
3 i just want something to do in the centre of town can you tell me what sort of places there are ?	sure there is architecture boating the cinema colleges a concerthall museums nightclubs parks a swimmingpool and theatres
4 can you recommend a nightclub ?	club salsa is a nightclub in centre would you like their contact information ?
5 yes please what s its entrance fee contact number and postcode ?	club salsa has an entrance fee of 5 pounds their postcode is cb12jb and their phone number is 07782218745 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that is it adios	have a great day good bye
7 thanks for your help	give us a call should you need anything

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of the city ?	we have many options ! did you have a specific price range ?
2 definitely cheap	there are several two on regent street and one at 12 bridge street do you have any preferences ?
3 it doesn t matter what do you recommend ?	i would recommend one of the locally owned restaurants what is your address ? i can find one of the closest to you do you want to walk ?
4 please just book a cheap italian one for me in the centre i need it for 8 people at 13:45 on saturday	i was able to book a table at zizzi cambridge for 13:45 your reference number is ksyhrb8i
5 thanks that s all i needed today you ve been a great help !	have a wonderful day and enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a hungarian restaurant in the west of town	there are no hungarian restaurants in the west of town would you like to change your query ?
2 is there any indian food on the west side of town	there are 6 indian restaurants in the west part of town what price range do you have in mind ?
3 the price range doesn t matter	would you like the name address and phone number of a few of them ?
4 yes but just for one	cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre and their phone number is 01223 366668 their price range is expensive
5 thank you !	you re welcome may i help with another query ?
6 nope i m good thanks again	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food	la raza is a spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range
2 please give me la raza s address and postcode please give me la raza s phone number	the address for la raza is 4 - 6 rose crescent and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ll la raza s phone number is 01223 464550
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye
4 goodbye !	goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from london kings cross	sure where are you going ?
2 i would like to go to cambridge after 11:15	okay and what day do you want to make the trip ?
3 i want to leave on monday	great tr5720 from london kings cross to cambridge leaves monday at 11:17 can i book this for you ?
4 actually can i have the price and the travel time please ?	the cost is 23.60 pounds and the trip will take 51 minutes
5 great that s all the info i need thank you for your help today	thank you very much have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and the price range is expensive would you like their address ?
2 sounds great what is their phone number ?	their number is 01223 400170 is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 bye bye	you hang up first sir !

#hotel#
1 i would like to book at room at alexander bed and breakfast	sure thing just tell me what day you re arriving how many days you re staying and how many people are in your party and i d be happy to set that up
2 actually i just need a bit of information what is the price range star rating and phone number ?	it s a cheap 4 star guesthouse and the number is 01223525725
3 thank you very much !	you re welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	certainly some of your options are: the grafton hotel restaurant the pipasha restaurant the royal standard the sitar tandoon and the yu garden
2 so many choices can you just suggest one and give me the address phone number and postcode ?	how about pipasha restaurant they serve indian food and their phone number is 01223 577786 their address is newmarket road fen ditton and their postcode is c.b 5 8 p.a
3 thank you very much !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town	there are two options available which would you prefer cheap or expensive ?
2 either is fine can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights ? we ll arrive on friday	i do recommend huntingdon marriott hotel but it is in the expensive price range i want to confirm this is okay before booking
3 that sounds great thanks	your booking for a party of 7 arriving on friday for 3 days 2 nights was successful your reference number is dz1t0e9n is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that is all thanks for the help bye	thank you have a great day goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive chinese restaurant in the south	the good luck chinese food takeaway or peking restaurant would meet your needs would you like to make a reservation ?
2 no reservation right now i just need the phone number	the good luck chinese food takeaway can be reached at 01223244149 the peking restaurant can be reached at 01223354755 is there anything else i can help with ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i want a danish restaurant in the south	there are no danish restaurants in the south
2 how about an italian restaurant in the south ?	there is a frankie and bennys located in the south
3 phone number and postcode	the phone number is 01223 412430 the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
4 thank you goodbye	thank you ..good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi	i have two hotels in that category both are expensive and have 3 stars each both offer free wifi and parking do you prefer the south or centre of town ?
2 either one is fine how about the south ?	the lensfield hotel would be the place then it s expensive 3-star rated with free wifi and free parking would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 no thanks just getting information that s all i need	okay let us know if you need help booking !
4 actually my wife says it s better to book it can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from monday ?	the hotel is booked and the reference number is h3mwaydx your wife can sleep calm now
5 fantastic ! have a good day i will let you know !	enjoy your stay bye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called arbury lodge guesthouse	would you like me to check availability for arbury lodge guesthouse on a particular date ?
2 book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday	i m sorry your booking was unsuccessful would you like to book another day or a shorter stay ?
3 how about 1 night instead ?	booking was successful reference number is : nsvesb6h
4 thank you that s all i need good bye	it was my pleasure thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i want a tuscan restaurant that s expensively priced	i m sorry there are no tuscan restaurants in the expensive price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive restaurant in the centre area would you like the address ?
3 yes please	the address is 108 regent street city centre do you need any further information ?
4 no thank you	enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i need to find a train going to stansted airport and departing on thursday	the train id is tr7966
2 how much is a ticket ?	the train ticket will cost you 10.10 pounds
3 does that train arrive by 16:45 i need to be there by then	the tr7966 is the first train of the day arriving at 6:08 the latest train arriving before 16:45 would be the tr9427 arriving at 16:08 would you prefer that ?
4 do either of those trains depart from cambridge ? i d like to leave from there if possible	tr7966 does depart from cambridge and arrives at 6:08 the latest train from cambridge to stansted airport on thursday arrives at 10:10 it is train tr6242 which do you prefer ?
5 the 10:10 would work for me !	alright how many tickets do you need ?
6 i can get my own ticket thank you how much will it cost ?	the fare is 10 pounds 10 may i help you with anything else ?
7 no that s all thanks	thanks i have enjoyed the service
8 the converstion is about the train ticket book	you re welcome have a great trip !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range	royal spice is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range
2 can i have something else ?	da vinci pizzeria serves is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 what is the address ?	their address is 20 milton road chesterton
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 are there any chinese restaurants in the centre part of town ?	jinling noodle bar is in the centre abd serves chinese food
2 are they expensive ?	they are in the moderate price range
3 please look for something else in the expensive price range i will need the address post code and phone number	does the jinling noodle bar sound like a good choice ?
4 sure ! what s the address postcode and phone number of it ?	their address is 11 peas hill city centre postcode is cb23pp and phone number is 01223566188
5 thank you for your help	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?	meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range
2 what is the phone number ?	01223 727410
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using this system goodbye
4 thank you good bye	thank you

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city can you recommend anything ?	the allenbell is a good choice for you would you like more information on the allenbell ?
2 yes does it have free parking ?	yes it does ! would you like to book a room ?
3 yes please i ll need the address postcode and whether they have internet also	yes the allenbell has internet the address is 517a coldham lane and the postcode is cb13js what are your travel details ?
4 that s all i need for now i think i will wait to actually book a room thank you !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a hotel called gonville hotel	the gonville hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel in the centre part of town they have free wifi and free parking should i book it ?
2 yes i am looking for a booking for 8 people starting saturday please	how many nights would you like to stay ?
3 two nights starting from saturday for 8 people	i have that accommodation made for you thank you !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train leaving from norwich	sure what time are you looking to leave ?
2 i would like to leave after 09:45	which day are you looking to travel ?
3 i am looking to go to cambridge on tuesday	okay i have 14 trains on that route leaving hourly on the :16 from 10:16 to 23:16 tr0667 leaves at 10:16 arrives at 11:35 with a total duration of 79 minutes
4 ok do you have one that leaves at 11:16 ? can you provide me with the train id for that one ?	yes a train leaves at 11:16 with the id tr0839
5 thank you very much for your help !	glad i could be of assistance

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel something not too expensive...mid range ? oh and i need free wifi	yes i have three hotels that match that description two in the north and one in the centre
2 i would like the one in the centre	the hotel is cityroomz it s address is sleeperz hotel station road it has internet and no parking would you like for me to book it for you ?
3 do any of those three have a four star rating ?	no 2 have 2 star ratings and one has a 0 rating
4 not about to stay at a nasty hotel can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 4 star rating that includes wifi ?	the huntingdon marriott hotel is in the center part of town and fits all of your criteria would you like to book it ?
5 let s go for that book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday	booking was unsuccessful do you want to find another hotel ?
6 yes i would like to try a different hotel that is in the same price range	i could book you at the university arms it is in the centre area instead of the west would that work for you ?
7 yes please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday	alright i have you booked at the university arms hotel your reference number is: yswjoms1 anything else i can get you today ?
8 no thank you that is all i need	okay great well enjoy your stay
9 thank you very much	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town	there are 5 available restaurants what food would you like ?
2 the restaurant should serve chinese food	there are two options for your preferences: hakka on milton road in chesterton and the hotpot at 66 chesterton road in chesterton
3 yes thank you i would like to make reservations at the hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this tuesday	i could not get a table at the hotspot i was able to reserve one for hakka however your reference number is pbstnzcl
4 thank you that is all i need bye	thank you and enjoy your meal have a great day

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking can you help me ?	i m sorry i can t seem to find a place that fits that criteria can i find you something else ?
2 i m looking for a hotel and it has to be a guesthouse	there are 24 guesthouses in the city is there a particular area you would like to stay in ?
3 it doesn t matter what section it is in are there any guesthouses listed that have a 4 star rating ?	a and b guest house is a nice place with a 4 star rating

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range	do you have a preference on the type of food ?
2 i don t have a preference	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the moderate price range
3 what is the address ?	prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road do you want the phone number ?
4 no thank you that is all i wanted to know good bye	thank you for using the system good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a certain hotel could you see if you might have any info on it ?	sure thing ! can you give me the name of the place ?
2 yes i m looking for hobson s house	yes it is a guesthouse in the west part of town in the moderate price range would you like to know anything else about it
3 could i get the postcode please ?	postcode is cb39lh anything else ?
4 no that s it thanks !	have a great day !

#train#
1 hey there ! can you give me some options for trains leaving wednesday from norwich ? we are going to cambridge	sure thing ! when would you like to leave and arrive by ?
2 i need to arrive by 19:45 i need to book for 5 people	i booked you on tr4203 with a total fee of 88 gbp payable at the station reference number is: 58vol3u2 do you need anything further today ?
3 no that s all thanks for your help !	you re welcome and enjoy your visit

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town	what price range would you like ?
2 any price range will be fine	i have no steakhouse in the east area but the river bar steakhouse and grill is located in the centre area
3 i really need something in the east part of town how about indian food ?	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves indian food
4 sounds great what is their address and phone number ?	curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton; their phone number is 01223566388
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the north with free wifi	there are 5 hotels in the north that offer internet do you have a specific price range ?
2 any price range is fine but i do need free parking	how about the ashley hotel ? it is a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free internet and parking
3 that sounds great i would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting thursday	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look at another location ?
4 please book a different hotel in the same price range	great ! i was able to get you into the lovell lodge for 5 nights and your reference number is riecnlut
5 thanks so much !	thank you and enjoy your stay !

#restaurant#
1 im up north whats the address for a mediterranean place around here ?	what price range would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range	there are no mediterranean location in the north part of town however there is an international place call the bloomsbury restaurant
3 what about mediterranean in any part of town ?	there are three mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town would you prefer an expensive or a cheap restaurant ?
4 price doesn t matter i would like the address phone number and the postcode please	la mimosa serves mediterranean food their phone number is 01223 362525 their address is thompsons lane fen ditton and their postcode is c.b 5 8 aq
5 that sounds good thank you	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west	we don t have any hotels that meet those specifications would you like a different area or perhaps a different star rating ?
2 can we try a 4 star rating instead ?	do you have a price range that you are looking for ?
3 i do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 7 people	i d recommend the huntingdon marriott hotel if you d like i can see if they have an availability what day are you arriving ?
4 we ll be arriving on friday and we d like to stay for 2 nights	booking was successful reference number is : lxz3erl8 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no that was everything thank you for the help	you re very welcome have a great trip

#hotel#
1 hi can you help me find a moderately priced 3-star accomadation ?	i have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars that are moderately priced do you need internet or parking ?
2 i do not need internet	i have 2 in the north and 1 in both the south and west do you have a preference for location ?
3 i don t which do you recommend ?	the hamilton lodge is in the north area and has parking and internet would you like me to book that for you ?
4 sure book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday	okay you re booked your reference number is 3a23gv4h anything else ?
5 that s all i needed thanks !	enjoy your stay ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves italian food	there are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve italian food what area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care which area	ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please i would like their address	ask is located at 12 bridge street city centre their telephone number is 01223 364917
4 thank you goodbye	have a good day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 could you find me a welsh restaurant in the cheap price range ?	therea are no welsh restaurants listed
2 how about italian type of food ?	in which area would you like to look ?
3 any area will be fine	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and it is in the north part of town
4 what is their address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
5 ok thank you for your help !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south	pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range
2 are there any other restaurants i can choose from ?	restaurant alimentum is also located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 can i have the address phone number and type of food served by restaurant alimentum ?	they serve modern european food and are located at 152 - 154 hills road their number is 01223 413000
4 thank you	you are very welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking	i have 4 different places available to you 2 are hotels and the other 2 are guesthouses do you have a preference ?
2 do you have any that would be moderately priced ?	no i m sorry i don t is there another price range you would consider ?
3 no i need it to be moderately priced is there a hotel with free parking in the north ?	i have 7 moderately priced guesthouses and 2 moderately priced hotels in the north all with free parking
4 great ! id s like information on one of the hotels please	do you have a further preference among them ?
5 do they have free wifi ?	yes they do i d recommend acorn guest house it s at 154 chesterton road cb41da the phone number is 01223353888 would that work for you ?
6 that will help thank you	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that s all the info i needed thanks so much for your help	you are welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
2 is there anything else ? if so please give the address and the phone number	the golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town they are located at 191 histon road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688 how else may i assist you ?
3 nothing else thank you good bye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced japanese restaurant	i m sorry but there is no restaurant serving japanese food and in the moderate price range would you like to try another type of food or a different price range ?
2 how about modern european food ?	there are 3 restaurants serving modern european food and in the moderate price range would you like the south or centre part of town ?
3 i do not have a preference please make a suggestion	de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 regent street
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for using the system

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves eritrean food	there is not a restaurant serving eritrean food listed would you like something else ?
2 yes are there any restaurants that serve italian food ?	there are five cheap restaurants that serve italian food what area would you like to search ?
3 i do not have a preference	ask is a cheap italian restaurant located in the centre part of town
4 i need their address and phone number please	the phone number for ask is 01223 364917 and they are located at 12 bridge street city centre
5 great ! thank you !	you re welcome have a nice day !

#attraction#
1 hello i would like information on museums in town	there are 23 museums to choose from are you looking for one in a particular area ?
2 which is your favorite ? get me their phone number and i ll check them out	my favorite museum is the cambridge and county folk museum their number is 01223355159 can i help you with anything else ?
3 maybe you could give me one other option ?	sure there s also the museum of archaelogy and anthropology which is free they re phone number is 01223333516
4 thanks for your help	thank you for contacting the help desk have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city	the curry prince is on the east side of town
2 do they serve chinese food ?	no they do not serve chinese food however the yu garden does and is in the east side
3 what is the address ?	yu garden s address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 yes what is the price range ?	yu garden is in the expensive price range do you want the address and phone number ?
5 i already got the address thank you that is all i needed good bye	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 hi i need to get to cambridge by 5:30 pm is there a train for that ?	there are multiple options that will get you to cambridge by 5:30pm could you please tell me where you will be departing form and what day you are traveling ?
2 i will be departing from norwich on wednesday	tr0033 departs norwich at 15:16 and will arrive in cambridge at 16:35 (4:35pm) would you like a ticket on that train ?
3 that would be fine how long is the trip ?	the trip is 79 minutes
4 thank you for the information !	and you would like to book just one ticket is that correct ?
5 yes one ticket is fine	great i have you on that train and your reference number is y1xthtja is there anything else i may help you with today ?
6 nope that s it ! thanks !	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
7 that s all thank you	you re welcome good-bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town	i have 2 available they are both guest house and one is 4 stars and the other is 3 do you have a preference ?
2 yes i would like the 3 star one,please	bridge guest house is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west	there are 9 matching restaurants what food would you like ?
2 i would really like to try some british food please	i have 2 matching restaurants would you like more details on them ?
3 no if you could just book me into one for saturday that would be great	ok how many people and what is the time preference ?
4 i need if for four 13:30 saturday	sure you re booked at travellers rest with reference number a5lk844g may i help with anything else ?
5 okay great no that will be it	okay glad i could be of help please call again

#restaurant#
1 good morning can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please ?	sure we have many good options what cuisine type do you prefer ?
2 it doesn t matter	how about the oak bistro ? it serves british food
3 sure may i have their address please ?	the restaurant is located at 6 lensfield road
4 great ! i think that was all i needed thanks have a nice day	you are very welcome ! enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a 0 star hotel ?	the cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range it is in the centre of town would you like me to book it for you ?
2 is the cityroomz a guesthouse ? that s what i m looking for	no cityroomz is a hotel the city center north b&b or the el shaddai are 0 star guesthouses
3 you know what the hotel will actually work for me can you tell me where cityroomz is located ?	sure it s in the centre on station road anything else ?
4 yes can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights ? i need it on sunday	sorry that booking wasn t available maybe another day or a shorter stay would work ?
5 how about two night ?	that worked your reference number is yzmq4jnn
6 thank you good bye	have a wonderful time good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the center that serves turkish food	hi anatolia and efes restaurant are two options in the centre for turkish food i hope you find what you re looking for !
2 could i have the address for the anatolia ?	sure thing the address for the anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre anything else i can help you find ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food	i m sorry but there are no swiss restaurants in town can i offer you something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	yes thanh binh serves vietnamese food and it is in the west part of town can i help you with anything else ?
3 could i have the address and phone number please ?	thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and phone number is 01223 362456
4 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve vietnamese food
5 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
6 thank you goodbye	you re wecome thank you for calling goodbye

#train#
1 i need to find a good vegetarian restaurant	i m sorry could you repeat your request ? there seems to be an error
2 i meant train i need a train ticket for monday	where did you want to depart from sir ?
3 i am departing from cambridge and going to bishops stortford	there are 5 trains from cambridge to bishops stortford on monday do you want to leave at any certain time ?
4 what is the first train after 11:30 ?	tr4861 leaves at 13:29
5 could you give me the arrival time and price also please ?	yes it arrives by 14:07 and costs 10.10 pounds would you like to book ?
6 yes please book the train for 1 person	i ve booked you a ticket the reference number is i3eas0f7 anything else i can assist with ?
7 i m confused did i ask you to book a ticket ? i can book my own passage thank you very much !	thanks for your service
8 thank you also have a nice day	you also let us know if we can assist you with anything more
9 okay thanks goodbye	you re welcome enjoy your visit to cambridge !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi	i have found 21 hotels that match your criteria what part of town did you have in mind ?
2 area does not matter	i d suggest the a and b guest house in the east it s moderately priced and meets your criteria would that work for you ?
3 sounds great can i get it for 7 people ? 4 nights starting saturday	that one is not open then shall i try another ?
4 no,i will check husband and call back	okay let us know
5 can we try a different one in the same price range ?	how about warkworth house ? it s also in the east at warkworth terrace
6 okay let s try booking that and get me a reference number	booking was successful reference number is : mziurvdv
7 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre ?	i show several restaurants in the city centre if you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further
2 it s for my friend s birthday and he really likes thai food	i can book a table at bangkok city for 2 when would you like the reservation ?
3 since i like chinese food could you see if any restaurants serve both thai and chinese food ?	i apologize i do not have any listed that serve both cuisines would you prefer one type of food ?
4 lets go with chinese food he likes chinese just as much can you recommend one in the centre ?	i have the ugly duckling in the centre would you like to make a reservation there ?
5 sounds good please make a reservation for 3 next wednesday at 14:15 i would like a reference number	i cant get you a table there how about tang chinese instead your reference number is sag9pai9 they have better food
6 that is fine thank you	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a hotel ?	i sure can what would you like for your hotel ?
2 i m looking for something moderately priced with a 4 star rating	i have 11 hotels that would meet your criteria did you have a certain area that you would like to stay in ?
3 no but i would like to have free wifi	there are several that meet your criteria do you need free parking ?
4 that does not matter which one would you recommend ?	i recommend the a and b guest house do you want me to book it for you ?
5 actually i would like something that has 4 stars does a and b have 4 stars ?	yes a & b guesthouse does have 4 stars are you ready to book a room ?
6 yes and can i get the phone number for the guesthouse please	the number is 01223315702 is there anything else that i can help you with ?
7 no you have been very helpful thanks i don t need anything else at the moment bye	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 can you navigate me to a 5 star hotel with free wifi please ?	i was unable to find any hotels matching those requirements
2 do you have a place with free wifi in the cheap range with a star of 4 ?	i ve found 21 hotels that meet those criteria the allenbell is one should i book it ?
3 what type of hotels are they ?	the allenbell is a guesthouse do you have any other specifications i can narrow your search by ?
4 looking for something with 5 stars and free wifi	sorry but we ve already established that there are no 5-star hotels available i can provide you with some 4-star options
5 sorry how silly of me i want to stay at a hotel not a guesthouse a cheap 4 star with free wifi please	okay we ve got the the cambridge belfry shall i book you a room ?
6 i don t need it booked just yet i just needed the info thanks	all right is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 no thank you for your patience i am all set now bye	great ! have a wonderful day ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 am looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge	i m sorry i m experiencing an error in my system could you please restate your request ?
2 i am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town	there are two options for you royal spice and da vinci pizzeria do you have a preference ?
3 let s try the da vinci pizzeria i ll need the address and phone number too please	da vinci pizzeria is a great choice ! they are located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223351707
4 great thanks for all of your help !	you are welcome ! have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hello i want a cheap barbeque restaurant	there is not a restaurant matching your request would you like a different restaurant ?
2 are there any cheap indian restaurants ?	there are four listings for the provided criteria do you prefer the centre or south area ?
3 i don t care	kohinoor is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre of town would you like their address ?
4 yes please	the address is 74 mill road city centre
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers african food what is their number ?	where are you located ? i see two that might work but id like to offer the closest
2 i do not care about the area of town	bedouin is an expensive african restaurant in the city centre
3 that sounds good what is their number so that i can ring them ?	their phone number is 01223 367660
4 great ! thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant ?	are you looking for a particular style of food ?
2 i m actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of royal spice	yes the royal spice is located on victoria avenue chesterton and on the northern part of cambridge
3 may i ask what type of food does royal spice serve ?	sure ! it is indian food
4 i ll also need the postcode and area please	royal spice is located in the north area and the postcode is cb41eh
5 great thanks that is all i need today	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre	sure ! do you have a price range ?
2 no i m not looking for a particular price range	i have several places would you like me to try to book you into curry garden ?
3 i don t have a price range but i would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 18:45	sure which day will you be dining ?
4 book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : vysfhvfc
5 thank you so much	no problem is there anything else i can help with today ?
6 that s it thank you !	we appreciate you using our services have a good day

#train#
1 i would like to book a train for tuesday at 18:45 departing at bishops stortford and arrive at cambridge	what time would you like to arrive by ?
2 i just need to leave after 18:45	the tr9286 train goes from bishops stortford to cambridge on tuesday at 19:29 shall i book that for one person ?
3 can you please book it for 4 people ?	hi..a reservation for 4 people has been confirmed the reference number is 30mcmoex and the price is 40.4gbp payable at the station anything else i can do ?
4 no thank you for your help	you are welcome ! have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i m interested in finding a restaurant that serves tuscan food do you know of any in the moderate price range ?	no i am sorry i don t have anything but i m sure i could find you something that is simply italian
2 i m sorry i m only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves tuscan food	i apologize but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result
3 that okay italian does sound fine actually could you find a moderately priced italian restaurant instead ?	i found prezzo in the west part of town would that work ?
4 yes that works please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday can you do that ?	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful can we try another day or time slot ?
5 can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on wednesday please ?	sure no problem your reference number is 7u1bwj5q
6 thank you that s all i need !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city ?	there are 9 matching records in the north what price range do you want ?
2 i don t care	is there a certain type of food that you would like ?
3 yes i would like world food	i am sorry i can t find any restaurant serves world food in the north is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today ?
4 maybe some indian food ?	great hit

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place that serves african food i don t care about the price range	african huh ? where are you now ? id hate to send you somewhere far away
2 it doesn t matter what suggestions do you have ?	how about bedouin ?
3 please provide me with the address and phone number to bedouin	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and their phone number is 01223 367660
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for kirkwood house	kirkwood house is a 4-star moderately priced guesthouse in the north area of town do you need more information ?
2 yes what is the address please ?	the address for kirkwood house is 172 chesterton road cb41da can i help you with anything else ?
3 no thank you	okay just let us know if you need anything else !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking	i have 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in ?
2 no but can you find one in the moderate price range ?	the acorn guest house has a 4 star rating and has both free internet and parking can i book a stay for you ?
3 no.what other hotels are nearby ?	the guesthouses in the north are arbury lodge guesthouse archway house hamilton lodge home from home kirkwood house and limehouse
4 go ahead and book the archway house please and i need a reference number	what size party and how long will your stay be ?
5 there will be two of us staying 4 nights from wednesday	unfortunately we were unable to book that guesthouse should we try one of the other guesthouses ?
6 yes lets try one of the others	i was able to book the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is bj3cl2qu
7 okay thank you that is all i need	okay great enjoy your stay

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should leave on monday and should arrive by 12:45	where would you like to go ?
2 i would like to depart from cambridge and travel to bishops stortford	is there a time you would like to be picked up by ?
3 i want to get there by 12:45	the tr7928 goes from cambridge to bishops stortford on monday at 11:29 arriving at 12:07 shall i book that for you ?
4 i need to book it right now but what is that travel time ?	the travel time on tr7928 is 38 minutes should i book it for you ?
5 what is the price for that train ?	the price is 10.10 pounds per ticket i can make those reservations for you if you d like
6 not right now i need to make sure of how many of us can go thank you	glad i could help

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves tuscan food	i m sorry there are not tuscan restaurants at all can i find a different cuisine type for you ?
2 okay that s fine can you find me one that serves chinese food ?	i have 3 chinese restaurants available is there a price range you would prefer ?
3 i don t care i just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on tuesday if you can book me one	i have the lucky star with is in the south and cheap would you like me to book at that restaurant ?
4 lucky star sure why not	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another time or different chinese restaurant ?
5 could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area ?	the only other cheap restaurant in the center of the city is a portuguese restaurant would you like me to book that for you
6 yes please same people date and time	i was able to book at table at nandos for the time and date specified your reference number is 0w15tqoh can i help you with anything else today ?
7 no i do not need anything else thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a lovely day !

#hotel#
1 i would like an expensive room in the east	i can recommend the express by holiday inn cambridge would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 does it have free parking ? and is it a 2 star hotel ? because that is what i m looking for	yes it is would you like me to book it for you ?
3 please could you please book it for 1 person starting thursday for 4 nights	i m sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another hotel ?
4 yes are there any other hotels in the same price range ?	no that is the only hotel in that price range it there anything else ?

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the west area it doesn t need to have free parking	there are four possibilities on the west side do you have preferred price range ?
2 i don t have a preferred price range but i d like one with free wifi	there are 4 places that provide internet on the west side 2 are hotels and 2 are guesthouses do you have a preference ?
3 do they have parking ? i want one that does not have parking	i m not showing anything in that area of town with no parking would you like to try a different area ?
4 can you check and see if there s one in the north please ?	the avalon is a guesthouse in the north it offers free wifi but not parking does this meet your liking and would you like to book a room ?
5 that works book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with wednesday	i m sorry but the avalon isn t available for those dates would you like to book starting on another day or for fewer nights ?
6 how about 3 nights ?	i was able to book if for that time the reference code is qlm5yvjd
7 wonderful thank you that is all i need bye	you re very welcome enjoy your stay thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 what is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town	the curry prince in on the east side of town and is in the moderate price range
2 what is there phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 566388
3 is there anything else i can help you with	is that all ?
4 yes that is all i needed to know thank you	thank you

#hotel#
1 i have heard a lot of good things about the arbury lodge guesthouse would you be able to provide any information on them ?	yes the arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town in the moderate price range it has parking and internet would you like to book a room ?
2 no thank you how many stars does it have ? what is the postcode ?	it has 4 stars and the postcode is cb42je
3 okay thank you that is all i need to know	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	golden wok is moderately priced restaurant located in the north part of town
2 could you please give me their address and postcode ?	golden wok is located 191 histon road chesterton at and their postcode is c.b 4 3 hl is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please give me their address and phone number too	do you have a food type preference because there are results for indian british and italian
2 indian is fine	meghna is at 205 victoria road chesterton and their number is 01223 727410 can i do anything else for you ?
3 no that ll be all thank you !	thank you and have a good evening !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant serving basque food i don t care about the price range	i m sorry but the system doesn t have info for what you are looking for is there a different type of food you may want ?
2 yes international food	there are 3 restaurants serving international food which area of town are you interested in ?
3 i don t care	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
4 can i have the address please ?	bloomsbury restaurant address is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
6 goodbye	have a good day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for some information on rosas s bed and breakfast	rosa s bed and breakfast is a cheap priced guesthouse in the south part of the city
2 do they have a room available that will accommodate 4 people ?	yes for what day and time please ?
3 4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday	the booking was unsuccessful
4 try another hotel same price range of rosa s	would you like me to book you at the allenbell ? it s in the cheap price range in the east part of town
5 yes please do	okay i have you booked for the allenbell guesthouse your reference code is l0enmaag is there anything else i can do for you today ?
6 thank you so much that is all i need	you are welcome have a great stay at allenbell bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town	how about golden wok located at 191 histon road chesterton ?
2 okay can i get the address and phone number please ?	the address is 191 histon road chesterton the phone number is 01223350688
3 thank you that is all i needed have a good night	you re welcome good night

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap place to dine	do you have a preferred cuisine type ?
2 i would prefer indian food in the city centre please	i have listings for 3 in that area,can i recommend the gandhi at 72 regent street city centre ?
3 is it in the cheap price range ?	yes all three are in the cheap range
4 will you book me for this weekend ?	which day would you like and the time ?

#train#
1 hello do you have a train doing to norwich from cambridge ?	yes what day and time will you be travelling ?
2 i m traveling to norwich on thursday after 20:00 (8 pm)	will you be departing from cabridge ?
3 no i m looking to leave from cambridge	ok i have found a train that departs at 22:36 and arrives 23:55 it is 17.60 pounds would you like me to book it for you ?
4 thanks that s all good bye	welcome again some other time

#hotel#
1 howdy ! is the hamilton lodge still open ?	yes this guesthouse is open do you need help with booking ?
2 yes please i d like a room for 5 people on monday for 5 nights	i am sorry the booking was unsuccessful,can i help you find another place in the same area ?
3 how about another hotel in the same price range ?	would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house ? it is in the moderate price range like the hamilton lodge
4 yes that will be fine	your booking was successful your reference number is 1wrsig9u is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 nope i think that is all i need thanks for your help !	happy to help have a great day ! good-bye !

#restaurant#
1 i need to get to a restaurant known as the lucky star	it is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
2 thanks please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday	i m sorry but there are no tables available at that time would you like to choose another day or time ?
3 sure do they have any openings at 17:00 ?	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town	there is one korean restaurant in centre of town it is expensive it s called little seoul would you like a reservation ?
2 please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on monday	i am sorry by little seoul wasn t available at that time is there another option for dining i can look up for you ?
3 how about a different restaurant within the same area and price range	you are booked into kymmoy which serves asian oriental in the town centre and expensive range your reference number is j39deupu the address is 52 mill road city centre
4 that was very helpful thank you goodbye !	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 hi i want a moderately priced restaurant	there are several restaurants in the moderate price range do you have a preference for the type of food or part of town ?
2 located in the east side	there is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on the east side would you like that address ?
3 yes please could i have the address phone number and postcode of the venue ?	curry prince s address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton their postcode is c.b 5 8 jj their phone number is 01223 566388
4 thank you	you re welcome anything else i can help you find ?
5 that s it thanks good bye	thank you for calling goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train out of norwich on thursday	what is your destination ?
2 i want to go to cambridge i need to get in by 18:00	i have several trains shall i book one ?
3 as long as i m there by 18:00 it doesn t matter	i have booked you a train arriving at 17:35 the reference number is u0bvsosq and the total fee of 17.6 gbp will be payable at the station
4 thank you for your help ! have a good day goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre; goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town can you tell me about my options ?	the huntingdon marriott is expensive and i also have the cambridge belfry which is cheap are you interested in one of these ?
2 what do you have with a rating of 1 star ?	there are no 1 star hotels in that part of town is there another area you might be interested in ?
3 no it has to be in the west a 4 star place would be okay as long as it is a hotel and not a guesthouse	no hotels meet your criteria would you like to change your criteria ?
4 well i definitely want a hotel in the west i need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting saturday	sorry there are no hotels meeting your criteria could you change your criteria ?
5 is the cambridge belfry available for 4 nights starting saturday for 6 people ?	unfortunately no can we try a shorter stay period ?
6 are there any four star hotels in the west ?	yes huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry
7 to recap i need a hotel in the west four stars	huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry are 4 star hotels in the west the second hotel is cheap & the first is expensive which would you prefer ?
8 i d rather have the least expensive one what star rating is it ?	it is a 4-star rating
9 ok can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the west part of town ? any one is fine	both of these hotels are booked would you like to change any of your parameters ?
10 let me try again i am needing a 4 star hotel in the west for 6 people checking in on saturday 5 nights	that worked thank you for summarizing for me your reference number is u0e4ko2t is there anything else i can help with ?
11 i need a hotel type in the west that s 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights starting on saturday please recheck that you can t book that	i have that all worked out for you the reference code is mq7amf1m the hotel is the cabdrife butterfly.is there anything else you need ?
12 no i m sorry that was so confusing it appears i have 2 hotels but that is better than 0 have a good day bye	you have a good day also bye

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderately priced restaurant	what part of town would you like ?
2 the south part of town	there is an italian restaurant and one that serves modern european which would you like ?
3 no preference you choose one please	how about the pizza hut cherry hinton ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 323737
5 good bye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre	are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive moderate or cheap price range ?
2 it doesn t matter i m particularly interested in jamaican food	unfortunately there are no jamaican restaurants in the centre area is there another area or food type that you would like ?
3 then how about somewhere serving modern european food ?	we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes please give me the address of the best one of them	the most expensive would be darrys cookhouse and wine shop at 40270 king street city centre will that be all today ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and let us know if we can be of further assistance

#train#
1 i m going to need a train on wednesday i need to arrive by 16:00	where are you departing from ?
2 i will be departing from leicester	what will be your destination ?
3 i am going to cambridge	there are trains arriving in cambridge 6 minutes before the hour throughout the day which time would be best for you ?
4 as long as i arrive close to 16:00 i am good	tr 8292 arrives in cambridge at 14:54 on wednesday it costs 37.80 pounds how many tickets can i book for you ?
5 i don t actually need to book at the moment i just need to know the departure time and travel time for this train if you don t mind	sure the tr8292 departs at 13:09 the ride is 105 minutes long do you have any other questions ?
6 no that s all for today goodbye !	thank you and have a pleasant trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are several expensive restaurants in the south part of town do you prefer mexican indian italian or chinese ?
2 ok then i ll take mexican can i get an address and phone number for the restaurant ?	ciquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 400170
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 hi i need to take a train on wednesday can you help me ?	absolutely ! where will you be heading to and leaving from ?
2 i need to leave peterborough for cambridge wednesday after 19:15	there are 10 options available for the same price 1650pounds is there a certain time you need to arrive by ?
3 as long as i leave by 19:15 it will be fine there are 4 of us	okay booking was successful the total fee is 66 gbp payable at the station your reference number is : mcca0vk8
4 thank you for all your help	we are happy to help have all of your needs been met ?
5 yes they sure have thanks !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city	sure i d be happy to help do have a price range or particular area of town you re interested in ?
2 i d like it to include free parking and be in the north please	i have several options for you with prices ranging from cheap to moderate i recommend the archway house
3 is that a guesthouse ? i would really like that	yes the archway house is a guesthouse in the north it s moderately priced has 4 stars and includes free wifi and internet can i book you a room there ?
4 you certainly can thank you i will be the only guest and i d like to check in for 2 nights starting wednesday	i m sorry they are booked up through those days would you like to try for one day ?
5 yes 1 night would be fine	i have booked you for wednesday night at the archway house your reference number is 1mwp83e1 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 great ! that s all thanks !	welcome hope you enjoy your day

#restaurant#
1 hi have you heard of pizza hut city centre by chance ? i may want to eat there soon	sure they are located at regent street city centre would you like me to book you there ?
2 no i just need the postcode and address please is this an italian restaurant ?	pizza hut city centre is listed as an italian restaurant yes they are located at regent street city centre in postcode cb21ab can i help you with anything else today ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	glad we could help please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking thank you

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel with free wifi	there are 32 matching that do you have a price range or an area preference ?
2 yes i d like to stay on the north end of the city if possible no too expensive please something that s moderately priced would be best	how many days will you be staying ?
3 i m not sure yet if you have a moderately priced hotel in the north with wifi i need the name and phone number	i have found matching two hotels in that area ashley hotel has two stars and lovell lodge also has two stars would you like me to book one ?
4 no thanks i just need the postcode and phone number of lovell lodge please	the postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478 may i help you with anything else ?
5 that will be all thanks	thank you for using our service goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 an expensive restaurant please	do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind ?
2 i was thinking catalan food	there are no expensive catalan restaurants can i help you find something else ?
3 are there any mid-range catalan restaurants ?	yes what type of food do you want ?
4 how about italian ?	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the moderate price range
5 great what is thier address phone number and area ?	prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in the west is there anything else can i help you with ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling enjoy your meal ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves japanese food	wagamama is a japanese restaurant that s in the centre part of town
2 can i please have the phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 saint andrews street
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town what is the address and food ?	la margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range their address is 15 magdalene street city centre
2 thank you	you are welcome

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town can you recommend one to me ?	there are three restaurants in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 can you suggest me some indian ones ?	i would recommend rajmahal a nice indian place in the east
3 thank you can you please give me the address and phone number ?	certainly the address for rajmahal is 7 barnwell road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	there are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town
2 do any serve spanish food ?	yes la raza serves spanish food would you like their phone number ?
3 no i would like the address and the post code please	la raza is located at 4-6 rose crescent their postcode is c.b 2 3 l.l
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from bishops stortford	there are 70 trains departing from that location would you like to narrow it down some ?
2 i am looking to go to cambridge on thursday	i have 10 available trains is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by ?
3 i need to leave on thursday and get there by 9:15 is that ok ?	yes there are two available trains one leaves at 5:29 and arrives by 6:07 and the other leaves by 7:29 and arrives by 8:07 which would you prefer ?
4 i d like the later one please i ll need 8 tickets	sure we have one other option tr1242 leaves at 07:29 and arrives at 08:07 for 8 people your reference number is : 6a76vgsk
5 okay great ! thanks for all your help	it s my pleasure goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay i d prefer a hotel	we have 9 hotels in town do you have a side of town you d like to stay on ?
2 no but i d prefer a hotel in the expensive price range i do not need free parking	we have five expensive hotels around town ranging from 3 star to 4 star
3 which one would you recommend ?	i would recommend the lensfield hotel it is a personal favorite would you like me to see what is available ?
4 okay let s book it for two people for 5 nights starting friday	i couldn t get you a room at the lensfield maybe a shorter stay or different hotel ?
5 yes as long as it s in the same price range	okay i was able to book you into the gonville and your reference number is : pvrv1eej
6 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you are welcome enjoy your stay at the gonville hotel bye

#hotel#
1 can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay at ?	we have nine cheap guest houses all offer free internet and free parking some have 0 star ratings and others have 4 stars what sounds good to you ?
2 great i want one with 4 stars	there are several that meet that criteria i can recommend the autumn house in the east of the city
3 sure please book a reservation for two people saturday two nights	autumn house is full can i try to reserve one of the other ones for you ?
4 yes try another place as long as it is still in the cheap price range	how about allenbell ? your reference number is 2supqqpl
5 that will work,thank you for booking it,goodbye	thank you and goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food	there is the ali baba at the city center would you like to have the address ?
2 what is the address and phone number ?	address is 59 hills road city centre and phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you good bye !

#restaurant#
1 i am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving italian food	there are expensive italian restaurants in centre and south do you have a preferred area ?
2 i don t care which area the restaurant is located in	there is a very nice italian restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar in the centre of town
3 can i have the address and phone number please ?	the phone number for stazione restaurant and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at market hill city centre
4 what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
5 thank you	you re very welcome have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a restaurant please	what kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit ?
2 i would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre do you want me to make a reservation ?
3 yes i need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday	you are booked for bangkok city your reference number is 64oefcho the table will be reserved for 15 minutes anything else ?
4 no that is all thanks good bye	have a great day and please call us again if you need anything else bye !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a place to go in the centre of town	we offer lots to do in the center of town we have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs are you in the mood for anything particular ?
2 do you have any suggestions ? i would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest thanks !	if you are interested in architecture there is all saints church the phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs
3 great thank you so much ! i will check it out	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves korean food ? i need to know the address too	little seoul is a nice restaurant that serves korean food the address is 108 regent street city centre
2 and what is the postcode ?	the post code is c.b 2 1.d p
3 thank you good bye	thank you

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to stevenage	ok where are you leaving out of ?
2 i m leaving out of cambridge	great there are 70 trains do you have a day or time ?
3 i need to arrive by 9:30 on thursday	tr2016 leaves at 05:21 and arrives by 06:10 would you like to book this train ?
4 yes for 4 people please i will need the reference number	4 tickets to arrive by 9:30 !
5 can i have the reference number for the train booking please ?	i have another train that leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10 if that would be better ?
6 that is not better i would like a reference number for the 4 tickets already booked please	sure thing the reference number is l130xfn9 how else may i help ?
7 thanks that s all i need have a good day	you as well enjoy your trip !

#restaurant#
1 i need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down the list ?
2 can i get the food type and postcode of one you d recommend ?	i recommend anatolia it is a turkish food type restaurant and its postcode is cb21uj
3 okay thank you very much	would you like to book a table if so how many are dining ?
4 not at this time thank you for everything	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range	i m sorry i find no modern american food listed in any price category may i try another cuisine for you perhaps italian ?
2 yes how about turkish then ?	either anatolia or efes restaurant would fit that criteria can i reserve one for you ?
3 yes i reserve to anatolia restaurant	i d be happy to make your reservation first i will need to know the day/time you re looking for and how many are in your party
4 i m sorry i don t actually need to reserve at this time i just need the phone number and address if you could provide that	sure anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223362372 can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no that would be it thanks a lot goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town could you recommend me three restaurants ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the south of town and restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town
2 is there a third restaurant ?	there is not
3 ok can you give me the address and phone number for restaurant alimentum ?	their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 hills road
4 thanks much ! bye !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find me a hotel on the east side ?	sure there are 7 entries for the eastside 1 hotel and 6 guesthouses are there any special amenities you need or a price range you re looking for ?
2 a 4 star establishment if possible	i have 6 guesthouses meeting that criteria do you have any other preferences say a price range ?
3 try a moderate price range	that narrows it down to three a and b guesthouse carolina bed and breakfast and warkworth house
4 i ll take warkworth house i want to book it for 3 people and 3 nights on wednesday	oh no ! there were no rooms available would you like to find another hotel instead ?
5 sure either of the other 2 would be fine	i was able to book at the carolina bed and breakfast your reference number is v6bziioc is there anything else ?
6 that is all i need thank you for your help	you are very welcome please call again

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food ?	there are a number of restaurants that serve european food can you narrow down the area or price range ?
2 i don t care give me the address and phone number of one of them	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and it is in the expensive price range the phone number is 01223 355166 and the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 great ! thank you	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants that serve brazilian food
2 please search for french food i will also need the address and phone number	i found two french restaurants one in centre and one in north do you have a preference on area ?
3 i don t care	do you have a preference on the price ?
4 i don t care	cote is a good french restaurant it is located at bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that is all i need thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

#hotel#
1 howdy i m looking for a place to stay i don t care about internet	there are 33 hotels in cambridge what price range would you like and what area ?
2 i would like a cheap hotel in the north please	how about the worth house ? it is a 4 star guesthouse and has free internet and free parking
3 yes i like that one with the free wifi	would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes and make it for friday for 2 days and 2 people	i booked you at city centre north b and b your reference number is y87q565o do you need anything else ?
5 thank you so much for your help	you are so welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge

#hotel#
1 can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town ?	there are 11 places to stay in the north part of town that are moderately priced do you have a need for parking or internet ?
2 yes i d love to have free internet and i d really like to stay at a guest house if possible	the arbury lodge guesthouse has a 4 star rating would you like me to book it for you ?
3 sure please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting tuesday	i ve successfully booked your room the reference number is vzcxfu9v
4 can i please have the address ?	they are located at 82 arbury road do you need anything else ?
5 no thank you that is all i needed	you re welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves international food	there are several restaurants serving international food would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town ?
2 i don t care	there are three restaurants serving international food what price range would you like ?

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food	there is restaurant two two in the the north side of town that serves french food
2 what is their address number and price range ?	restaurant two two is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 chesterton road chesterton would you like anything else ?
3 no that takes care of it thank you for your help	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food ?	there are not restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 how about indian food instead ?	there are two indian restaurants in the north part of town what price range are you looking for ?
3 what are the price ranges of the two available restaurants ?	one of them is cheap and the other is moderately price
4 tell me the address of the moderately priced one	the nirala is located at 7 milton street chesterton
5 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 yes you can help me i need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range	i have 17 places that match your request is there an area or price range you are looking for ?
2 yes east part of town	i have 3 guest house on that side of town the warkworth house is a real good one if you would like to book it ?
3 could you make me a reservation for thursday for 4 nights?there will be 5 people	i am sorry the booking was unsuccessful for that time,there are 2 others can i check with either of them ?
4 yes please check them for me	booking was successful your reservation is at a and a guest house starting on thursday for 4 nights for 5 people your reference number is ofj58gx8
5 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	le t us know if you need anything else good day

#train#
1 i am in need of a train that can arrive by 12:45 an leave on saturday	there are 150 trains that match your requirements what is your destination and from where are you traveling ?
2 i want to get to norwich please	there is a train that arrives at norwich at 10:55 would you like to book that ?
3 does it depart from cambridge ?	yes the train goes from cambridge to norwich on saturday it departs at 9:36 and arrives at 10:55 there is also a train that arrives at 11:55 on the same route
4 let me get the train id and price for the one arriving at 11:55	the train id is tr9588 and the cost is 14.08 pounds can i book that for you ?
5 no but i have all the information i need thanks	you are quite welcome !

#restaurant#
1 looking for mediterranean food	la mimosa serves mediterranean food in the centre of town would you like their information ?
2 yes i d like the address and phone number please	it is located at thompsons lane fen ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525
3 thank you ! goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is there any restaurants on the south part of town ?	yes chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant in the south part of town
2 i want a restaurant serving chinese food ? what is the address and price range ?	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town the price range is expensive and the address is 10 homerton street city centre

#hotel#
1 i d like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side	unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your needs however there are three moderate price guesthouses in the east are you interested in more information ?
2 sure do any of those have free parking ?	yes carolina b&b and warkworth house both have free parking
3 could you give me the address and postcode of the warkworth house please ?	absolutely it is in warkworth terrace postcode cb11ee
4 thank you that will be all	okay glad i could be of help

#hotel#
1 hi could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse ?	i have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars which area would you like me to search ?
2 thanks ! you are so nice i need the guesthouses in the west it doesn t matters if there is not free parking	i have one that fits it s the hobsons house located in the west it s 3-star rated and offers free wifi and parking it s also moderately priced would you like a room ?
3 yes that all sounds good i would like to book it	i can definitely assist you how many people are there and how many days will you need to be booked for
4 i just need the phone number and postcode from the hobsons	their number is 01223304906 and the postcode is cb39lh anything else ?
5 thank you so much for all your help today good bye	you re welcome ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i need a train on friday arriving by 12:15	i can assist you with that where are you travelling to and from ?
2 i m going from cambridge to the stansted airport	the tr5998 leaves cambridge at 10:40 and arrives stansted airport at 12:08 it s price is 10.10 pounds there are earlier trains if you wish
3 that one sounds fine can you book it for 3 people ? i will need the reference number too	i have booked your ticket the reference number is : ectzffr5 is there anything else i can do for you
4 not at this time thank you so much for everything have a great day !	you are very welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 bonjour i need a 4 star hotel with free internet please	alright i have many options available for you to chose from do you have a price range you re looking for or an area of town you d like to stay in ?
2 no i don t have a price range or area of town	there are 21 places that meet your needs would you like to narrow it down based on anything else such as free parking or whether it s a hotel or guesthouse ?
3 yes i would like free parking i don t care whether it s a guesthouse or hotel though could you suggest a place ?	would you like a guesthouse or a hotel ?
4 i don t care a hotel or guesthouse pick a good four star with wifi and parking i need to book for thursday	i have several choices the acorn guest house has 4 stars wifi and is moderately priced how many nights and how many people will be staying ?
5 great i have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting thursday	wonderful i have booked acorn guest house to meet your needs the reference number is tdutd8dv is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that should be all ! thank you for your help !	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there are no restaurants serving vegetarian food
2 how about turkish food ?	three restaurants serve turkish food do you have a price preference ?
3 i do not care	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre of town do you want the address and phone number ?
4 address please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range it should serve sri lankan food	i m sorry but i have nothing listed is there another type of food you might be interested in ?
2 i was really hoping for sri lankan	i m afraid there aren t any sri lankan restaurants in town at all is there something else i can search for you ?
3 how about gastropub ?	i found three located in the centre and one on the east which would you prefer ?
4 are they all listed as expensive ?	yes they are all expensive backstreet bistro is in the centre area and royal standard is in the east would you like me to make a reservation at either of these ?
5 could you please give me the phone number for the royal standard ?	sure it s 01223247877
6 okay thanks that will do it for today	you are most welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a place to dine that is in the centre please	there are 69 restaurants in the centre would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price ?
2 i would like to narrow it down by price and i want chinese	there is five different options that are in various price ranges

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi	there are many in the east that fit you description can i find out what type and rating place to stay you are looking for ?
2 a 4 star guesthouse would be ideal thank you	i have 6 guesthouses that fit that criteria would you like a cheap or moderate priced room ?
3 either would be fine as long as it can accommodate 6 people for 2 nights starting this sunday	would you like me to try and book a room for you at the carolina bed and breakfast ?
4 yes please and i need the address,thank you	i m sorry but i was unable to book those times would you like to try another hotel or time ?
5 could you try a different hotel in the same pricerange please ?	yes sure i was able to book you into the a and b and your reference number is moe0auat
6 thank you so much for all your help that is all i need	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking	the cambridge belfry matches those requirements
2 does it have free internet ?	yes free internet is included at the cambridge belfry
3 great i d like to book at room at the cambridge belfry	i can book your room now thank you so much

#restaurant#
1 hi i want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
2 address and postcode please	their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and their postcode is c.b 1 7 dy is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town ?	la tasca serves spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range
2 what is the address phone number and area ?	their address is 14 -16 bridge street in the centre area their phone number is 01223 464630 can i help with anything else ?
3 no that is it thank you	thank you for choosing our system goodbye
4 thanks again !	good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area	i have one place that suits your needs it is the city centre north b & b they are located on 328a histon road they offer both free wifi and parking
2 is that place cheap ?	yes city centre north b & b is in the cheap pricerange
3 ok that s awesome can you book me a room there for saturday for 8 people and 2 nights ?	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay ?
4 sure how about just for one night ?	success the reference number is moux96ze
5 great ! thanks so much for your help with that	perfect i m sure you ll love it good day

#train#
1 hello i m looking for a train to get me to london kings cross	ok will you be departing from cambridge ?
2 yes cambridge and i want to leave on sunday i need travel time	travel time is 51 minutes what time were you hoping to leave ?
3 i would like to leave after 13:45	there is a train that leaves at 15:00 would you like me to book that train for you ?
4 no thanks i just needed the travel time for the train departing at 15:00	the travel time for tr 9386 is 51 minutes
5 thanks that s all i needed goodbye !	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want expensive korean food i want the address and area of town	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range the address is 108 regent street
2 what part of town is that in ?	little seoul is located in the centre of town
3 i wanted indonesian food if possible i wanted to ask about expensive indonesian food first	there are no indonesian restaurants may i search for something else ?
4 thank you for your help !	not a problem have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking	there are many options that could satisfy your request what price range do you require ?
2 i don t care about the price range i do want to be in the north though	there are 9 possibilities in either the cheap or moderate price range which do you prefer ?
3 how about something in the north ?	how about acorn guest house ?
4 try there for three nights then give me the reference number	can you tell me for how many people and on what day ?
5 i want booking for four people	what day do you need to check in ?
6 i ll arrive on wednesday	booking was successful your reference number is 6wkspadc
7 great that takes care of all my needs for now thanks !	terrific glad i could help don t hesitate to contact us if you need anything else

#attraction#
1 hi i d like to find a museum please	we have many museums in town - what area are you interested in ?
2 i don t mind but i d prefer something in the east	how does cambridge artworks sound ? it is located on 5 greens road and there is no entrance fee ?
3 what is the postcode ?	sure their postcode is cb13ef is there anything else ?
4 no that s all i need thanks so much for your help	you re welcome have a wonderful day

#train#
1 i am looking for a train leaving on saturday	what time would you like the train for ?
2 i would like to leave after 12:00	we can certainly arrange that can you tell me where you will be leaving from and where you would like to go ?
3 i ll be leaving from cambridge and going to birmingham new street	booking was successful the total fee is 60.08 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 9lzng2v4 is there anything else i can help with ?
4 yes can you tell me when the train arrives and how long the journey will be ?	gladly the train arrives at 12:44 and the trip will take 163 minutes is there anything else i may assist you with today ?
5 yes how much is the ticket ?	it s 60.08 gbp payable at the station may i help with anything else ?
6 that s everything i needed thanks bye	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving moroccan food would you like something else ?
2 can i have the asian oriental type of food then ?	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food
3 do you have an address ?	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre
4 may i have the postcode please ?	dojo noodle bar s postcode is c.b 2 1 rq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 yes i just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight the hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking	would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel ?
2 um i don t care i d prefer it if it was cheap though	the cambridge belfry is located in the west in the cheap price range with free parking would you like me to book it ?
3 is that a four star place ?	yes it does have 4 stars
4 please do i need it for 4 nights on friday there are 6 of us	that one is not open then,but i do have one fitting the same criteria avaible finches shall i book it ?
5 yes as long as finches is in the cheap price range please book it and give me the reference number	okay you re booked with reference number dae0xr6a may i help with anything else ?
6 no thank you goodbye	thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food	la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food
2 is there another venue ?	there is the gardenia if you re looking for a cheap restaurant
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the gardenia is located at 2 rose crescent city centre and their phone number is 01223 356354
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
5 i don t care about the price thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an austrian restaurant	what area are you interested in today ?
2 west	there is no austrian restaurant in west is there another area you might be interested in today ?
3 how about italian food ?	there are 15 results for italian food do you have an area of town or price range in mind ?
4 west part of town	prezzo serves italian food and is located in the west part of town
5 great what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01799 521260 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !
7 goodbye	good bye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 restaurants in the centre serving expensive food what type of food would you like ?
2 the restaurant should serve japanese food	can i book wamagama restaurant for you ? it s a perfect fit
3 i actually would just like their address postcode and telephone number at this time	wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street postcode cb23ar phone 01223462354 do you need any further assistance ?
4 that is all i need thanks for all your help !	i m glad i could help have a great day and thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre !
5 okay i will thanks again bye !	enjoy your stay ! bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a hungarian restaurant on the east side of town	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like a different restaurant ?
2 yes i d like a chinese restaurant in the east part of town	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east of town
3 please give me yu garden s address phone number and postcode	01223 248882 and the postcode is c.b 5 8 p a
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in indonesian food please	there are no restaurants serving indonesian food in the north part of town would you like me to look in another part of town ?
2 what about italian food ?	da vinci pizzeria is a restaurant serving italian food in the north part of town would you like any additional information ?
3 yes may i have the address and phone number please ?	the address is 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye
5 bye	have a good evening

#train#
1 i d like to take the train to cambridge from birmingham new street on tuesday can you help me with that ?	i have many trains available on tuesday do you have a time preference ?
2 yes i d like to arrive by 19:30 please	the tr 4631 arrives by 19:23 would you like to book this one ?
3 yes book please and i need travel tome and price	how many tickets would you like me to book ?
4 i only need one ticket today	your booking was successful the total fee is 75.09 gbp payable at the station your reference number is zcr9p2ww can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 no thank you for your help	thank you have a great visit goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to cambridge	when will you be travelling ?
2 i ll be leaving friday after 20:45	i have several options for you depending on your departure site where will you be leaving from ?
3 i need to depart from cabridge and go to bishops stortford	there are few options to choose from how many people are traveling ?
4 i will have 2 people traveling	okay would you like me to book tr4664 ?
5 yes please i need the reference number	the reference number is 0ji02qot can i help you with anything else ?
6 no thank you that is all i needed	thank you have a nice day

#train#
1 i want to get a train to travel from cambridge to bishops stortford	i can assist you with that there are many options available to you leaving cambridge for bishops stortford what day and time would you like ?
2 i d like to leave on monday after 8:15 please	the first availabe train i have is tr7169 leaving at 9:29 and arriving at 10:07 would that suit your schedule or would you prefer a later departure time ?
3 no that sounds good	how many tickets would you like me to book ?
4 just one ticket please	you have one ticket to bishops stortford train id tr7169 with 10.1 gbp payable at the station reference number 54b99z9o can i be of further assistance ?
5 thank you very much for the assistance	you re welcome do you need anything else today ?
6 no that is all i need for the day	thank you for calling goodbye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for information on the town centre	i can help with that what information are you looking for ?
2 can you recommend a favorite place to go ?	we have many great attractions in cambridge from architecture to nightclubs is there a particular kind of attraction you d like to visit ?
3 no particular attraction but i do need it to be in the centre	i like castle galleries that s a museum in the centre would that interest you ?
4 that sounds interesting how much do they charge for entrance ?	there is no entrance fee it is free
5 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	thank you have a great time ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east would you like to know the address and phone number ?
3 just the phone number is fine please	the phone number is 01223 241387 will that be all ?
4 that is all thank you very much good bye	thank you for using the cambridge system goodbye

#train#
1 greetings ! can you help me in locating a train to get me to cambridge ?	certainly can you please tell me the location you are departing from and what day you would like to leave ?
2 sure i need to leave on friday from broxbourne	we have several trains for that day did you have a particular time you wanted to leave ?
3 i am going to need to leave sometime later than 17:15 i will need 6 seats	there are 7 trains available when would you like to arrive bye ?
4 it doesn t matter i just need to leave sometime after 17:15	i can book you on tr4322 from broxbourne to cambridge it leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32 would you like that ?
5 yes please for 6 people	i booked 6 seats on tr4322 the price is 107.4 gbp and your reference number is rzutecij is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that s all i needed for today thank you	i m happy to be of service enjoy your time in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range is at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system

#hotel#
1 i am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room	i found 18 hotels do you have any other requirements ?
2 i d like the place to be rated 4 stars and include free wifi	i have about 11 options to choose from which area of town do you prefer ? i have options in the north south and the east
3 it doesn t matter i would need a room for 6 people starting saturday for 6 nights	unfortunately i was unable to find you rooms for that length of stay beginning on saturday would you be able to change the day or the number of nights ?
4 no i really need it starting saturday for 5 nights and with free wifi	ok i have you booked into warkworth house starting on saturday for 5 nights and 6 people the reference number is igqb0hc7 is there anything else ?
5 that s all thank you	thank you bye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east	i have three guesthouses that match your criteria may i recommend the allenbell ?
2 okay what is the address ?	allenbell is at 517a coldham lane would you like me to help you book a room there ?
3 yes please three people wednesday two nights	unfortunately booking was unsuccessful
4 okay what other hotels are there in the same price range ?	autumn house is in the cheap price range as well if you d like to try that
5 yes please try that	booking was successful your reference number is lgtar2r can i help you with anything else ?
6 thanks for all of your help that is all i need for today bye	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range	there are many can i get a price range and area you would like the restaurant to be in to narrow down the search ?
2 i would like a moderate price range and in the centre would you be able to book a table for friday at 19:30 ? it would be for 2	okay there are 21 options would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down the choices ?
3 why don t you choose one for me as long as i can get the tables booked	i tried the yippee noodle bar which serves asian oriental food but it is booked do you want to stay with chinese asian cuisine ?
4 just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please and i ll need a reference number	ok sorry about that i can get you a table at restaurant one seven your reference number is a2ra63nx is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food	nothing is matching your request i m sorry
2 bummer could you help me find some cheap italian food then ?	if you do not have a preference of area i recommend la margherita in the west
3 sounds great what is their phone number and address ?	la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 how about italian ?	la margherita serves great italian food can i help with anything else ?
5 no that is all thank you very much good bye	you are very welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi	i have 10 hotels that meet that criteria is there a particular area you would like to stay in ?
2 no but it should be a 1 star establishment	i m sorry but all the cheap hotels with free wifi are either 0 or 4 stars ? would one of those options work for you ?
3 yes lets go with 4 stars	i found a 4 star hotel with free wifi would you like me to book it ?
4 yes for 8 people for 3 nights starting friday please	i am sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look at one of the other hotels that meet your criteria
5 no thank you that will be all that i can think of	okay have a good day !
6 on second thought would you look for another hotel in the cheap price range ? please book it and give me the reference number	booked at worth house reference number: dkec3gvh
7 that was great thank you goodbye !	you are welcome thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre you have a great day ! good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves malaysian food and is in the cheap price range	no matches found for cheap malaysian food would you like something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food please ?	thanh binh is a nice restaurant that serves vietnamese food and is in the cheap price range
3 that sounds great ! may i have their phone number please ?	thanh binh s phone number is 01223 362456
4 okay thank you for your help !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system please call again

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves welsh food	i apologize there are no restaurants in the expensive price range that serve welsh food would you like a different type of food ?
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive korean restaurant is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i would like their address and what part of town they are located in	little seoul is located in the centre of town and the address is 108 regent street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town please	the golden wok is a nice restaurant in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
2 yes please	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
3 phone number ?	the golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that s it thank you good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is there a portuguese food restaurant ?	yes
2 is there anything else ?	there are two portuguese restaurants in town would you prefer one in the centre of town or in the south part ?
3 can i get the address and phone number please ?	their address is 33-34 saint andrews street their phone is 01223 327908
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using out system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food	there are no restaurants that fit your desired criteria is there another cuisine type or price range ?
2 european food that is moderately priced please	galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
3 what is the address and postcode ?	the address for galleria is 33 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 uw can i help you with anything else ?
4 that is it thank you	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called city stop restaurant	city stop is located in the north of the city and serves european food may i help with anything else ?
2 what is the postcode and their phone number ?	city stop s post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270 would you like a reservation ?
3 nope that s all i needed today thanks for you help !	you are welcome and enjoy your stay

#train#
1 i m are looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 10:15	what day would you like to depart ?
2 it will be sunday from peterborough to cambridge i will need the price of the ticket as well	the closest match i have is the tr8509 it leaves at 10:19
3 that sounds good what is the train fare please ?	it costs 13.20 pounds do you need any other information ?
4 no that is all thanks for your help !	you are welcome ! have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant	is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer ?
2 not sure of that i am looking for a restaurant named "ask."	that is an italian restaurant located in the centre of town it is at 12 bridge street can i call and reserve a table for you ?
3 i would like to book a table for 5 people on sunday at 14:15	i am afraid that booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range	yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range did you still want italian ?
5 type of food doesn t matter which is the best one ? i ll book that	your reservation is at the dojo noodle bar at millers yard the reference number is w87akiby and the table will be held for 15 minutes is that all ?
6 that is all thank you !	thank you for calling enjoy your dining experience

#restaurant#
1 can you tell me where i can find an expensive chinese restaurant ?	there are 9 expensive chinese restaurants do you have a specific area you would like ?
2 i would prefer the city centre please	i have 4 how about hk fusion ?
3 i would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on sunday	the booking for hk fusion was unsuccessful would you like a different restaurant ?
4 will try another one in the same area and price range ? if you can book it will you give me the reference number ?	you are booked into the ugly duckling which is in the expensive price range in the centre of town your reference number is 3rfxw8g6 is there anything else ?
5 no that is all thank you good bye	okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling

#restaurant#
1 please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town would you like their location ?
2 could i have their phone number please and type of cuisine they serve ?	they serve international food and their phone number is 01223 812660
3 that sounds good thank you for your help	thank you ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking somewhere to stay with free wifi and free parking	archway house is a good choice !
2 does archway house have two stars ? i require that rating	no i think ashley hotel might be more in your range
3 is it in the east ? i need a hotel in the east	express by holiday inn cambridge is in the eastern part of town would you like me to book you a room ?
4 yes please for 1 person for 3 nights starting on monday	ok i have you booked at holiday inn cambridge your reference number is 0cb7cvt7 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 so is the name of the hotel express by holiday inn cambridge or just holiday inn cambridge ? want to make sure i go to the right one !	the full name of your hotel is express by holiday inn cambridge do you need further assistance ?
6 no you have been very helpful thank you so much ! bye now	thank you for using our services

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please	there are several trains where are you going ?
2 i want to go to peterborough	i can certainly help where are you departing from ?
3 i am departing from cambridge	do you have a day in mind to travel ?
4 ill travel; on wednesday get me the train id and price	what time would you like to depart ?
5 i would like to leave cambridge after 09:45 please	i have a train leaving cambridge at 10:06 the id is tr9805 and it s 16.50 pounds per ticket
6 thanks for helping	you re welcome anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no i only needed the train info thanks again goodbye	we hope you have a nice time in town good bye !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant on the west end of town	ok are you looking for any particular type of food ?
2 i don t care	are you looking for a particular price range ?
3 a moderately priced restaurant would be good	do you have a cuisine preference ?
4 no preference	how about prezzo ? they serve moderately priced italian food on the west side of town
5 can i please have their address and phone number ?	prezzo s address is 21 - 24 northampton road their phone number is 01799 521260
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town	do you have a preference on type of food ?
2 i don t care	there are three venues to choose from
3 ok what are they ?	curry prince and rajmahal which both serve indian food and pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food
4 could i get the address of one of them ?	absolutely curry prince s address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for cheap lodging in town that includes free wifi	i have two guest houses matching your criteria city centre north b and b and worth house what star rating do you prefer ?
2 i would like a hotel with a star rating of 3	i m sorry but i was unable to find any cheap three star hotels with wifi would you be open to a different star rating ?
3 do you have anything with a 4 star rating ?	the cambridge belfry is 4 stars and cheap,would you like me to make a booking ?
4 yes please and make it for wednesday and for 3 days	how many people is that booking for ?
5 i will be booking it for 5 people for 2 nights and i d actually like it to start from friday	i m sorry but there are no rooms available at that time would like to try another hotel ?
6 yeas please one in the same price range please	i only have the belfry in that star and price range would you like to try another combination of stars and price ranges ?
7 how about three stars ?	there are none found
8 i just need a hotel cheap range that is the only criteria i need	booking was successful at worth house it is a guesthouse that is cheap like the cambridge belfry hotel reference number is : n8mjx1yx
9 did this have wifi ?	yes it does i hope you enjoy your stay
10 thank you so much	your welcome enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking	i have 8 hotels with free wifi and parking what price range would you like ?
2 in the expensive price range please	i have found several hotels is there a specific area you are looking for ?
3 i do not care about the area too much could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting thursday for 5 nights ?	i booked a room for you at the gonville hotel at gonville place your reference number is 4zrjzivu can i help you with anything else today ?
4 is the gonville a good quality hotel ?	it is an expensive 3 star hotel i m sure you ll love it is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that was all thank you	thank you for calling enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 need a restaurant serving turkish style venue	ok so you would like a turkish restaurant in what area would you like to eat ?
2 any area would be fine ! could i please get the address and postcode of a turkish restaurant ?	anatolia is a turkish restaurant at 30 bridge street city centre c.b 2 1 uj is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i have an odd request i am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating	there are actually 3 hotels with a 0 rating would you like to book one of them now ?
2 is one of them in the centre of town ?	yes i have one hotel and one guesthouse in the centre of town
3 what sort of rates do they charge ?	one is in the cheap price range and one is in the moderate price range
4 can we go ahead and get the cheap one please	i can try to book at the el shaddai for you how long is your stay and for how many please ?
5 i will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on wednesday	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different hotel ?
6 yes same price range	okay i got you in at the alexander and your reference number is ukj7t0fw
7 that is all i need thank you	okay great please call us again

#restaurant#
1 hi could you help me find a restaurant called ask	ask is a cheap italian restaurant located at 12 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223364917
2 are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on tuesday ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like to look for another restaurant ?
3 please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i can book at zizzi bambridge at 16:45 on tuesday for 8 people
4 that will work	reference number is : wk5jkohn need anything else ?
5 that s all thank you for your help today !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello can you please recommend a korean restaurant for me ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the epensive price range it is located in the centre area
2 what is their phone number	the phone number is 01223 308681
3 what is the address ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want some mexican food	the only listing for mexican food is chiquito restaurant bar how else may i assist you ?
2 i want a restaurant in the centre and serves asian oriental food ? what is the phone number ?	we have four asian oriental restaurants in centre what price range do you prefer ?
3 i don t care	dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food and is located in the centre of town the price range is cheap
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471 would you like any other information ?
5 no thank you that s all i need thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 yes i m looking for an expensive hotel to stay at can you help me ?	is there a specific side of town you d like to be on ?
2 yes i would like to stay in the city centre also i would need free parking	you have the gonville hotel or the university arms to choose from the gonville is a 3 star hotel while the university arms is 4 star
3 are both hotels or are they guest houses ?	they are both hotels would you like for me to book one of these hotels for you ?
4 yes i would like to stay at university arms for 2 people for 2 nights starting from friday	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel ?
5 that s too bad would you be able to find me a different hotel in the same price range ?	i m sorry i was unable to find a different hotel that matches your criteria and the availability that you wanted
6 thats disappointing,thank you andgoodbye	hold on i forgot about the gonville hotel i mentioned earlier i got you a room your reference number is : b01g0b4w can i do anything else ?
7 that is all thank you	good day thank you for using us if you need anything else let is know

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food	i m sorry i can t find any cheap swedish restaurants would you like to look for a different style of food or increase your price range ?
2 how about indian food ?	there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre part of town or royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north do any of these interest you ?
3 yes what is the address for royal spice please ?	royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton do you need any other information ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling us and please use our system again goodbye

#restaurant#
1 get me a restaurant that serves european food	there are several restaurants serving european food would you like the west center or south part of town ?
2 i dont really care	which price range are you looking for ?
3 any price range is fine	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 could i have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please ?	the phone number is 01223 355166 and the post code is c.b 3 0 dq is there anything else ?
5 no thank you	thank you

#hotel#
1 are there any places in the north that have free parking ?	there are five places that have parking what price range do you want ?
2 any price range is fine but if you can see if there is one that has 4 stars ?	the acorn guest house is a moderately-priced 4-star hotel in the north area and has parking does this sound acceptable to you ?
3 does the acorn guest house have internet ? i don t need free wifi	yes it does have free internet would you like to book ?
4 yes i would like to book can you get me a room there for sunday ? i will need a room for 8 for 5 nights	i have successfully booked your room the reference number is uuf3948j can i be of further assistance ?
5 no that s all i need thank you !	you re quite welcome thank you and goodbye !

#train#
1 i want to get train tickets for monday please leaving from cambridge if you would	what time do you want to leave at on monday and where are you going to ?
2 hello i need to arrive at london kings cross no later than 16:45	i have several trains that will get you there on time what time would you like to leave ?
3 i don t have a preference on leave time	tr7075 cambridge london kings cross monday 05:00 05:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes
4 thank you can i get the reference number please	how many tickets would you like ?
5 i don t need to book any tickets i ll need the departure time travel time and train id if you could specify them instead of just sending numbers	the tr7075 train leaves at 05:00 and takes 51 minutes to travel does that help ?
6 okay i believe that s all i need thanks for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no thanks nothing else	you re welcome thank you for using the towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant	there are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine ?
2 i don t care	ask is a nice place that is in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 actually i d like one in south part of town is ask in the south ?	i m sorry but ask is not in the south part of town there are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like portuguese or chinese food ?
4 i have no preference please make a suggestion	nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at cambridge leisure park clifton way
5 okay that sounds good thank you for your help	your welcome thank you for calling

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the north side	i have many options in the north all are in the cheap to moderate range do you have any further requirements ?
2 i d like a 2 star hotel with free parking	ashley hotel and lovell lodge are both available
3 the ashley hotel sounds fine can you book that for me please also i need the postcode of that hotel as well	the post code is cb41er what day would you like the reservation for ?
4 actually i don t need a booking thanks have a nice day	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range	the royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the south would you like more information ?
2 does it serve bistro food ?	no i m sorry would you prefer a cheap bistro in the north or some other qualifications ?
3 i would settle for british i d prefer moderately priced actually and location doesn t matter	i would recommend cotto they serve british food and are moderately priced would you like their contact information ?
4 what is the phone number ?	cotto s phone number is 01223302010 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that is all i need goodbye !	good bye thank you for contacting the cambridge restaurant system
6 goodbye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi	i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria what part of town would you like to stay in ?
2 i would like to stay in the east please	i can book you in the autumn house would you like me to do that

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants would you prefer a different cuisine or price range ?
2 a restaurant that serves british food will be fine	graffiti is an expensive restaurant that serves british food would you like their address or phone number ?
3 could you tell me the phone number of graffiti ?	the phone number is 01223 277977
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am searching for a lebanese restaurant in the east part of town	there are no lebanese restaurants in east do you have another food type you would be interested in ?
2 how about chinese food ? i would like to know the address phone number and postcode of the restaurant	yu garden is at 529 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 pa the phone number is 01223 248882
3 is that in the east part of town ?	yes yu garden is in the east part of town
4 thank you good bye	thank you
5 that s all i need to know then goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 looking for an expensive restaurant	there are quite a few diverse expensive restaurants all located in the centre area i recommend the backstreet bistro at 2 sturton street city centre
2 are there any in the east part of town ?	there are a few if you prefer british food there is the grafton hotel restaurant but if you want indian food there is one called pipasha restaurant
3 what is the phone number and post code of pipasha restaurant ?	phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is c.b 5 8 pa
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an eastern restaurant medium price	there are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the east of town would you like to go to curry prince ?
2 yes please what is the address postcode and phone number ?	yes the curry prince is located at 451 new market road fen ditton with a postcode of cb58jj their telephone number is 01223566388
3 okay thank you can you tell me their hours of operation ?	i m sorry we do not have hours of operation in our database
4 ok then that s all i need thank you for your help	alright thank you for calling

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	i would recommend you curry prince an indian place in the east with moderate price range
2 is there anything else you would recommend ? can i have the address and type of food for it ?	would you prefer a different type of food ?
3 yes what other restaurants did you find ?	there are also pizza hut fen ditton which is italian and rajmahal which is indian
4 can i have the address of pizza hut fen ditton	the address of them is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
5 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i d like to find a place to stay	okay let s narrow down your options which area of town do you prefer ?
2 north part of town	we have 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north area do you need a certain price range ?
3 i would like something in the moderate range	home from home is moderately priced has 4 stars and has free internet and parking would you like to book ?
4 yes eight people starting thursday lasting for four nights	the booking was successful your reference number is k73wlz8h do you need anything else ?
5 that should do it thank you !	thank you and please remember us for your future travel needs

#restaurant#
1 can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the east part of town ?	the best match to your request is the missing sock located at finders corner newmarket road
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is c.b 25 9 aq

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please going to cambridge	i d be happy to help with your request to narrow it down where is your departure site and what time do you want to arrive ?
2 i m looking for a train leaving from london liverpool street after 20:00 on friday	how about train tr8373 that leaves at 21:39 ?
3 its ok book for 8 people and help me get the reference number please	all right that s done your reference number is 3s77wuwe how else may i help you ?
4 that was everything thanks !	have a nice trip thank you

#restaurant#
1 can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side ?	i have 2 indian restaurants and 1 italian in the moderate price range on the east side is there a food type you prefer ?
2 i would like the one with the italian food can you see if i can book a table for 7 people at 14:30 on tuesday there please ?	i was unable to book a reservation at that time would you like to try another time ?
3 how about either of the indian restaurants in the same area and price range ?	sure there are three restaurants they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton 7 barnwell road fen ditton and cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditten
4 i would like to try the restaurant at 451 newmarket road fen ditton since it s close by can you try a booking please ?	booking was successful your reference number is 80s3hgan is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 that is all for today thank you	you re welcome goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from cambridge	there are many different options for trains departing cambridge what date and time do you need a train on ?
2 i need to get to peterborough on friday and i have to leave after 12:30	the first train leaving after 12:30 is tr5650 and leaves at 12:34 to get you to petersborough at 13:24 would this suit your needs or would you like a later one ?
3 i d like to book this train for 7 people if possible	you re all booked ! 7 tickets from cambridge to peterborough at 12:34 your reference number is i9ubczw2
4 great thanks for all your help	you are more than welcome enjoy the journey

#hotel#
1 i need a guesthouse with free wifi	there are 23 guesthouses available can you tell me what area you are looking for ?
2 east part of town	how about allenbell they offer free parking and wifi ?
3 do they have a 4 star rating ?	yes the allenbell has 4 star rating
4 i m sorry i actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the north part of town	no worries ! how about the acorn guest house ? it meets your needs may i help book it ?
5 yes please give me the reference number !	what day party size and length of stay would you like to go ?
6 i will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from tuesday thank you !	booking was unsuccessful do you want to find another hotel ?
7 yes please but it needs to be in the same price range	there is also archway house,would you like me to check booking there as well ?
8 that sounds great thanks	booking there was successful your reference number is : efm3tdr4
9 thank you for your help today	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#attraction#
1 i would like to visit some of the architecture here in town can you help me with this ?	i can indeed we have several churches and a school renowned for their architecture great saint mary s church charges visitors 2 pounds but the rest are free
2 can you give me information on a free one and i d need to know what area of town it is in please	all saints church is free and it s in the centre located at jesus lane their number is 01223452587
3 thank you very much for your help	you are very welcome was there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no thank you that s all i need today bye	have fun ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train	i have 2,828 trains with different routes to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving and what day/time ?
2 the train should depart from cambridge on wednesday and headed for stansted airport it should arrive by 15:15 i would also like you to make a booking for 6 people	i have two trains that would suit you one arrives at 14:08 and the other at 15:08 do you have a preference ?
3 i will take the one that arrives at 15:08 can you make me a booking for 8 people on wednesday ? i will need a reference number	sure thing ! i ve booked the train for 8 and your reference number is i62h3vuy is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no that s all i needed thank you for your help - goodbye !	it was a pleasure to assist you please use us again for your future needs have a good day

#hotel#
1 hi i need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars what can you recommend ?	we ve got two expensive hotels with that criteria would you like to stay in the centre or the south ?
2 it doesn t matter where the hotel is located	both hotels have internet does not state if it is free the hotels are the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel
3 can you book the gonville for me please ? it ll be just me staying	yes i can help you with that how many nights will you be staying ?
4 4 nights checking in on saturday	booking was successful reference number is : 565uimxv
5 thank you for your help do i need to do anything else or i m good ?	that is all unless you need something more from me
6 thanks for all your help	happy to be of service goodbye !

#attraction#
1 hi i want to find some water and go boating somewhere around town what do you have listed ?	i have some great choices for you there are two places in the centre of town one in the north and one in east do you have a specific location ?
2 i think maybe the north for this trip	the riverboat georgina is in the north of town it s located at cambridge passenger cruisers jubilee house may i help you with anything else ?
3 that is all i need thank you	have a wonderful time in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves indian food located in the centre	sure there are several indian restaurants in the centre of town would you prefer something cheap or expensive ?
2 could you get me a table for sunday at someplace nice ? there will be 8 in my party and we d like to eat at 17:30	i ve successfully made a booking at curry garden ! this is your reservation number pcmh26uy how else may i assist you ?
3 that should do it for today thanks a lot have a good day	thank you and have a nice time at curry garden !

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a cheap place to stay it doesn t need to have free parking	alexander bed and breakfast is available in the cheap price range
2 i also need free wifi and a 0 star rating please	i don t see any hotels with free internet in cheap price range
3 ok then is there one that is cheap and offers free parking instead ?	no there is not one that matches that criteria
4 ok i will try again later	hold on i had mistakenly listed you as not wanting free parking (rather than not caring if they did) i have two gueshouses that offer both parking and internet
5 i want which ever one is close to town	how about the el shaddai ? i will need to know how long your stay is going to be and how many is in your party please
6 sure there will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting monday	the el shaddai was full but i was able to book you at the city centre north b and b reference number xlpm3fvl
7 perfect thanks so much for your help that was all i needed today	you are welcome enjoy your stay bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for the gonville hotel can you help me ?	yes would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it ?
2 could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday ?	there are no rooms available for that time can i find a different hotel for you ?
3 yes,please try south part of town,thank you	i can book a room for you at bridge guest house your reference number is c147jv9n will that be okay ?
4 that s great thank you	okay is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that will be it thank you	thank you for using our system !

#hotel#
1 i d like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking	i have 19 hotels or guest houses throughout the city that meet your needs can you tell me if you want a hotel or a guest house ?
2 that does not matter but i need it to have free wifi and in the expensive price range	i have 2 hotels that meet your criteria would you like me to book one for you ?
3 sure can you book it for 4 people ? we will be staying there for 5 nights starting from thursday	i booked the university arms hotel for 4 people starting thursday staying for 5 nights your reservation number is xqe5glod anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you thank you for your help	have a good day
5 thanks again for your help	goodbye and enjoy your stay !

#attraction#
1 i m a tourist from out of town but i was trying to find something fun to do near my hotel could you recommend a place ?	i would be more than happy to recommend an attraction first could you tell me in what part of town your hotel is located ?
2 it is in the centre of town	there are tons of places to go in the center of town what type of attraction are you looking for ?
3 really anything will do i have to kill some time in between appointments can you recommend something and send me the address please ?	how about the cambridge contemporary art museum ? their address is 6 trinity street in the centre of town and they have no entrance fee
4 that will do ! thank you very much	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
5 nope that s all i needed.thanks so much !	oh you are most welcome the museum will be awesome

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food	would you prefer the centre or west part of town ?
2 i don t care	bangkok city is in the centre area and is serving thai food is there anything i can help you with ?
3 are there any others ?	there s also sala thong in the west part of town they re located at 35 newnham road newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178
4 perfect thank you very much !	i hope you enjoy your thai food goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town please	there are five restaurants in the expensive price range and in the east part of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 i would like indian food please	sitar tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east part of town
3 is there anything else ?	pipasha restaurant is in the expensive category and serves indian food it is in the east part of town
4 what is there phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 577786 do you need their address also ?
5 no thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food	i did not find any results would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 i ve got my heart set on danish but we could go a bit more expensive i guess	i am sorry but there is no danish food available in cambridge what other food interests you ?
3 how about asian oriental food ?	the dojo noodle bar is asian oriental and cheap would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes for 2 people at 17:00 on thursday	your reservations were successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes on thursday at 17:00 for two your reference number is p62w5taa
5 thanks that is all i need today	enjoy your dinner thank you for contacting towninfo centre goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train leaving from cambridge	absolutely what day of departure and what destination location ?
2 i am heading to london kings cross and would need the train for wednesday please oh and i need to leave after 18:00 sometime	okay the tr8676 train leaves at 19:00 and arrives at 19:51 would you like to purchase tickets ?
3 yes i need that for 3 people please	i have booked your tickets 70.8 gbp is payable at the station the reference number is jlcupin6
4 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	my pleasure thank you

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi	i am sorry there are no matches would you like to try a 3 or 4 star hotel ?
2 i could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 0	i have two does the area matter to you ?
3 no area doesn t matter	okay i have found the el shaddai which meets your requirements would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes i need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting monday	i have you booked at the el shaddai the reference number is k8j1t9n4 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
5 that is all for now thank you so much	glad to be of assistance enjoy your visit

#train#
1 can you help me book a train on sunday ?	where is the destination ?
2 i want to go to ely	there are a number of trains leaving cambridge for ely on sundays do you have a departure time in mind ?
3 i need it to leave after 08:15 please	can i book for you ?
4 yes please book just one ticket for me	tr1159 leaves at 9:50 and the fee of 3.52 pounds is payable at the station is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 yes what is the reference number for the reservation ?	the reference # is t27b8duj is there anything else i can help with today ?
6 no that is all for now thank you for all your help	happy to be of help and i hope you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a french restaurant	there is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town which one would you prefer ?
2 north part of town	restaurant two two is a french restaurant located in the north part of town but it is pricey would you like more information ?
3 yes what is the address of restaurant two two ?	the address is 22 chesterton road
4 thank you good bye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves caribbean food	no records match your request i m sorry
2 how about modern european food ?	we have modern european in the centre area in several price ranges do you have a preference ?
3 the price range doesn t matter please suggest one to me	the river bar steakhouse and grill is good but cheap would you like their address or phone number ?
4 of course	their address is quayside off bridge street and their phone number is 01223 307030
5 thank you for your help that s all i need	you re welcome enjoy your dining experience

#hotel#
1 i am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi	there are 17 hotels that match that criteria would you like to narrow it down some ? do you need free parking ? what area would you like ?
2 i would like it to have a four star rating	there are 11 entries does type matter to you ?
3 it does not do you have a favorite ?	i particularly like the acorn guest house in the north it meets your criteria plus offers parking just in case you might need it would you like a booking ?
4 i don t need a booking but can you tell me the postcode and address ?	yes of course their postcode is cb41da and their address is 154 chesterton road is there anything else that i can do for you today ?
5 no that is all the information i needed thank you !	thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the west side of town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 i would like indian food	i have nothing matching your request would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine ?
3 any type of food just cheap in the west part of town	what about la margherita ? they serve italian
4 is there anything else ?	thanh binh is located in the west part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their information ?
5 yes please give me their address and phone number	thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and its phone number is 01223315232 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thanks that s it	thank you and good bye

#attraction#
1 what attractions are in the town centre ?	in the centre of town i have a total of 79 different attractions would you like to narrow your search by entrance fee or zip code ?
2 what different attraction types are there in the centre ?	there are museums colleges architectural buildings parks nightclubs etc does any of that sound interesting ?
3 what museum would you recommend ?	i recommend the broughton house gallery at 98 king street it s free to enter and a great museum
4 thanks so much that s very helpful could i get the postcode as well please ?	the postcode for the broughton house gallery is cb11ln
5 thanks so much i am all set good bye	you are welcome have a good time !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train on sunday from cambridge	tr7423 cambridge london kings cross sunday 05:00 05:51 18.88 pounds 51 minutes
2 can you verify that it will arrive in stevenage by 09:00 ?	ah no you will need another train to get to stevenage tr5390 leaves at 05:21 and tr3889 leaves at 07:21 do you have a preference ?
3 i don t have a preference i just need to arrive by 09:00 can you please provide me the travel time departure time and price ?	tr3889 departs at 07:21 and takes 49 minutes to arrive the fee is 10.24 pounds would you like me to book that for you ?
4 thanks that s all good bye	reference number is : 8ohsglqu if u interested

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking to get some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house	the aylesbury is a moderately priced 4 star hotel on the south side of town would you like the phone number or a room perhaps ?
2 great book me that for 2 nights starting from saturday for just myself	i m sorry there are no rooms available for that hotel for the nights you want would you like me to try something else ?
3 how about 1 night starting from saturday ?	that worked your reference number for the reservation is vdl0a0id can i help you with anything else ?
4 that s all i needed thanks	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating	certainly there are 18 options is there an area of town that you prefer ?
2 yes in the north and it should be 4 stars and have free wifi please	i found the acorn guest house ! it has free wifi and parking four star rating and is in a moderate price range ! would you like me to book it ?
3 yes ! i would like a booking please	how many guests and how many nights would you like the reservation for ?
4 on second thought i am not quite ready to book yet could you send me their postcode please ?	the postcode is cb41da
5 thanks so much for your help !	your welcome can i help you find anything else today ?
6 that is all ! thank you !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the restaurant nandos	would you like the nandos in the south or centre ?
2 anywhere i would just like it to be nandos i would like to book a table	sure how many people will be dining on what day at one time ?
3 4 people friday 15:45 but 14:45 is also okay please give me the reference number	booking was successful for the 14:45 time the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : i915uv13 do you need anything else ?
4 no i think that covers it thanks so much for your help !	you re very welcome enjoy your meal goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range	there are two restaurants in the west part of town what type of food are you interested in ?
2 i don t care any type of food will be fine	there is prezzo which is italian at 21 - 24 northampton road phone number is 01799 521260

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a place that serves australasian food	i m sorry but i m not showing any results for australasian food in our system
2 ok is there anything for modern european food ?	there are several restaurants serving modern european food do you have an area or price preference ?
3 i don t care	darrys cookhouse and wine shop might be one you would enjoy
4 sounds good what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 505015 would you like any additional information ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	good bye

#hotel#
1 yeah i m looking for a room do you offer anything in the southern part of town ?	i have four places with rooms in the south 1 is cheap 2 are moderate and 1 is expensive do you have a particular price range ?
2 i am looking for something in the moderate price range with free wifi and doesn t need to have free parking	the aylesbray lodge guesthouse and the bridge guesthouse are in the south area with a moderate price range and both have free wifi can i book one of these for you ?
3 yes please either one sounds perfect !	sure i can book the bridge guest house how many people will be staying with you and when will you be arriving and leaving ?
4 i need to book for 6 people starting saturday and staying 3 nights	booking was successful do you need anything else ?
5 yes what is the reference number ?	reference number is dvgibpim
6 perfect thank you very much for your help ! goodbye	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food	is there any area you prefer !
2 no specific area	i have found no restaurants serving christmas food in the expensive price range would you like a different type of food ?
3 are there european types of restaurants ?	yes there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant eraina and michaelhouse cafe serve european food with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
4 phone number and address of cambridge lodge restaurant please	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre their phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 hello could you find a train leaving on wednesday for me ? i need it to arrive by 19:00	certainly where are you going and where would you like to depart from ?
2 i will be leaving cambridge to go to bishops stortford	tr0449 is going to arrive by 18:07 would that work for you ?
3 sounds good could you find me a cheap eatery near there when we arrive ?	sure i d be happy to find a restaurant are you looking for one in the centre area ?
4 maybe later what time does my train leave and how much is the ticket ?	it leaves at 17:29 and the cost of the ticket is 10.10 pounds
5 how long is the travel time going to be ?	it will be a 38 minute train ride
6 that will be all thank you	alright enjoy your stay in cambridge !
7 thanks ! have a great day !	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive australian place	i m sorry there are no australian places in cambridge would you like to try another cuisine type ?
2 how about on one that serves turkish food ?	yes the meze bar restaurant fits that description would you like me to book that for you ?
3 can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday ?	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look for another restaurant ?
4 yes,please and one that serves turkish food	sure i ve booked you at anatolia which also serves turkish food with reference number t70eay2i may i help with something else ?
5 no that should be everything i need	great have a great day !
6 you too ! thank you for your help	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 a restaurant in the moderately priced range please	there is a lot of restaurants in the moderate priced range please tell me the area or the food you would like today
2 okay would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town ? i am having trouble deciding what i want to eat today	meghna is an italian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 phone number please	meghna s phone number is 01223 727410 is there anything else i can do for you tonight ?
4 thank you very much ! goodbye !	thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food	there are several british restaurants do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i have no preference can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?	cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nope that ll do it thank you for your help	have a nice day ! thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi	try the a and b guest house or arbury lodge guesthouse
2 are either of those in the cheap price range ?	in what section of town are you looking to stay ? i have 8 different lodgings that fit your requirements
3 i am not really picky	i would like the arbury lodge guesthouse
4 is it cheap ?	no but the alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap range and has wifi it s in the centre of town would you like me to reserve a room for you ?
5 that sounds good yes i need 4 nights booked for me beginning friday and for 7 people	i m sorry alexander bed and breakfast is fully booked do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter stay ?
6 yes 3 nights please and can i have a reference number	i ve booked that reservation the reference number is 1g6a07oi can i assist with something else ?
7 no i ve got everything i need i appreciate your help	great thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#hotel#
1 thank you.i am looking for a guest house .i am also looking for one that is rather cheap	i have 5 cheap guesthouses available do you have any other requirements for location or amenities ?
2 the hotel doesn t need to have free parking and should have a star of 3	unfortunately i couldn t find a match
3 advic me on any other option	would you like to try a hotel ?
4 no how about a moderate-price guesthouse please try that	hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with 3 stars and free wifi and parking do you want to make reservations ?
5 can i just get the phone number instead please ?	of course the hamilton lodge s phone number is 01223365664 is there anything else you d like to know or anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that is all good bye	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food	there are two restaurants that meet your requirements prezzo is in the moderate price range and la margherita is in the cheap range
2 can i get the address for prezzo please ?	the address for prezzo is 21 - 24 northampton road is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes i d like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on monday please	of course i successfully booked you your reservation your reference number is a5fgtjtz
4 thank you that s all i need today !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town i would like the name and phone number	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town and the phone number is 01223 241387
2 thanks goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food	i don t have any restaurants that meet that criteria are you interested in something different ?
2 no i am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east	i am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve swiss food
3 how about international food ?	the missing sock will meet your needs need to book a reservation ?
4 no i just need the postcode	the post code is cb259aq is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no you have been very helpful thank you so much	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for cote restaurant	would you like a booking at cote ?
2 yes please i need a table for 5 at 12:15 saturday	i m sorry but the cote was not available to reserve at that time can i help you find another restaurant ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available ?	yes i have 33 possible choices would you like them to serve the same type of food at the cote ?
4 yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on saturday	i can check for british food or african if you have a preference
5 which ever is open then thank you	i was able to book fitzbillies restaurant reference number is 4lxpuxo1
6 thanks so much !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town	the address for royal spice is victoria avenue chesterton and the post code is c.b 4 1 eh royal spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
2 than you	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i d like to find a hotel to stay in somewhere with free wi-fi	we have 9 hotels that offer free wifi do you have a star rating area of town or price range in mind ?
2 i would like to keep it cheap if possible and something 4 star rated please	there s the cambridge belfry shall i make you a reservation then ?
3 yes please it is for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 7 people	perfect i booked that for you reference number is 42jfppk8 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that s all i need thank you for your help !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a hotel called bridge guest house ?	certainly ! the bridge guest house is a moderately priced accomodation in the south is there other information you would like to know ?
2 do they have free parking ?	yes they do ! would you like a room ?
3 not right now that s all thank you for your help	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train departing from cambridge	ok where will you be going ?
2 i will be going to london liverpool street on sunday	and what time would you like to leave after or arrive by on saturday ?
3 i m leaving on sunday not saturday can you make sure that s correct ? and i want to arrive by 21:00	i am so sorry about the mix-up in days i have tr0189 arriving sunday at london liverpool street at 17:27 would this be acceptable ?
4 thanks so much thats all i needed	well i m glad i could help have a safe trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves brazilian food	unfortunately there are no brazilian restaurants available is there a second food option you would like to try ?
2 is there any restaurants that have gastropub type of food ?	backstreet bistro is a gastropub located in the centre part of town and in the expensive price range
3 may i have their address and phone number please ?	backstreet bistro is located at 2 sturton street city centre and their phone number is 01223 306306
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should arrive by 21:30 and should go to bishops stortford	what day will you be traveling ?
2 i would like to travel on monday	there are 8 trains that match your search shall i choose one to book ?
3 yes please choose the one closest to my arrival time	i recommend the tr8244 which leaves at 19:29 how many seats do you want me to reserve for you and your party ?
4 i actually only want the price but can you make sure that the train is leaving from cambridge	yes that leaves from cambridge and there are many other times with an earlier departure time if you d like the price is 10.10 pounds
5 that is perfect thank you very much for all of your help you have a wonderful day	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	of course may i suggest meghna an indian restaurant ?
2 not really wanting indian today anything else ?	there is also an italian and british restaurant would you prefer one of these ?
3 could i have the address and phone number for the british restaurant ?	saint johns chop house serves british food is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 northampton street
4 and also postcode please	their postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants that are in the cheap price range and in the south part of town would you like portuguese or chinese food ?
2 chinese food	the lucky star is chinese would you like the phone number ?
3 no just the address please	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 caribbean food in the east part of town if no such place indian	i couldn t find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town i will search for indian restaurants next
2 great ! did you find any indian restaurants in the east part of town ?	yes there are four options two are moderately priced and two are expensive do you have a preferred price range ?
3 no	the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like more information for them ?
4 yes i d like the address and phone number please	the address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton the phone number is 01223 566388
5 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking to have some european food tonight for dinner something very traditional in the centre of town should be good can i get a list of options ?	there are 8 restaurants eraina michaelhouse cafe hotel du vin and bistro galleria de luca cucina and bar riverside brasserie darrys cookhouse and wine shop the river bar steakhouse and grill
2 please provide postcode and address for eraina	the postcode is cb23rh and address is free school lane city centre is there anything else i can help with ?
3 no that s it goodbye !	i m glad i could help have a nice day good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food	in what area of town would you like to eat ?
2 in the centre of town please i am looking to stay in the expensive price range	great there are 6 restaurants that meet your criteria i would suggest curry garden can i book it for you ?
3 yes could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on tuesday ?	your table is reserved ref# uqony6cj is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 that would be all thank you very much	okay you are welcome have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i m needing a place to dine it needs to be an expensive brazilian place	unfortunately i don t happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type ?
2 british food then	we have six do you have an area preference ? graffiti on the west side is popular
3 all right i ll try that i need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : p15gvv9v is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that was all i needed thanks so much goodbye !	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range	there are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range what type of food would you like ?
2 i am interested in indian food please	there are six restaurants that match that description can recommend one of them for you ?
3 yes please do	the curry garden serves expensive indian food in the centre of town
4 great can i get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday ?	sorry there is no table available then would you like to try another time slot ?
5 i think i d rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time actually you mentioned there are several others ?	yes there s the goden curry saffron brasserie panahar and curry king
6 great ! can i have the goden curry ?	sure when would you like to make a reservation ?
7 12:30 on sunday there will be 8 of us	i apologize i have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on sunday would a different day or time suffice ?
8 i guess i could try 11:30	reservation booked with the curry garden for sunday at 11:30am for 8 people your reservation will be held for 15 minutes reference number is 6grfmvdj
9 thank you so much	you re welcome anything else i can help with today ?
10 no i am all set bye	thank you have a nice day goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town please	there aren t many cheap places in the center but i can recommend the alexander b&b they have 4 stars despite being a cheap place
2 okay i would like a booking please	i d be happy to help you with that booking just tell me how many are in your party and what nights you are looking for accommodation
3 yes i need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting wednesday please send me the reference number once booked	you are booked for 4 nights starting wednesday for 2 people the reference number is 11sd75me may i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is everything thank you !	thank you so much for your help

#train#
1 am looking for a train it should leave on sunday and should depart from bishops stortford	thank you where is your destination ?
2 i m going to cambridge	what time are you looking to depart/arrive ?
3 i want to depart after 18:30	tr0053 leaves at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07 do you want me to book this train ? i will need your details please
4 yes i need 1 ticket and can you please give me the reference number ?	booking was successful the total fee is 8.08 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 6w3kfy5n
5 thanks ever so much ! you ve been very helpful	you are very welcome ! have a nice trip

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to cambridge please	the train id is tr5219 and it leaves london kings on friday
2 does that depart from broxbourne station ?	sorry i need to narrow down the 133 trains from broxbourne to cambridge first what day do you want to leave ?
3 i want to leave on sunday	is there a certain time of day you would like to travel ?
4 i would prefer to leave after 13:45 please	alright i have train tr4813 that leaves sunday at 14:32 from broxbourne will this work better for you ?
5 yes as long as it is going to cambridge that sounds fine i ll need the price also please	the price is 14.32 pounds per person
6 thank you i will buy a ticket for 14.32 pounds for train tr4813 leaving sunday at 14:32	your booking was successful the total fee is 14.32 gbp payable at the station your reference number is 4yat8pvp
7 thank you so much have a wonderful day	thanks for inquiring with us have a nice day
8 i will do so and you too	i m glad i could help you goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a place to stay with free parking ?	i found 29 places matching that criteria do you have a particular area you would like to stay in or a price range you would like to stick to ?
2 i d like to stick to a moderate price range	okay and what area would you like to stay in ?
3 i would like to stay in town centr	i m sorry there are no moderately priced hotels in the centre of town with free parking would you like me to check a different area or price range ?
4 actually the area doesn t matter i just need a 4-star hotel in the moderate price range	i do have some guesthouses but no hotels would you like reservations at one ?
5 i really would like a hotel not a guesthouse can you please search again - open to all areas	i apologize but the are no hotels available that meet the following criteria: free parking moderate price range 4-stars would you like me to change the search criteria ?
6 can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range with free parking ?	i have 9 guesthouses that meet your criteria is there an area you are interested in ?
7 there is no certain area but i d prefer a hotel	i m sorry but you will have to change some of your criteria if you would like me to find you something or accept a guest house
8 i apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn t matter i would like it to have free parking be 4 star moderately priced and the area doesn t matter	okay no problem ! i recommend the acorn guest house it has everything you re looking for
9 great can you please book it for me ? there will be 7 of us staying	of course i can help you with that what day will be arriving and for how many days will you be staying ?
10 i will be arriving on tuesday and staying for two days please	booking was successful reference number is : akh4mcwd anything else i can help you with ?
11 no that is all thank you very much	you are welcome ! please don t hesitate to reach out if you need anything further and until then goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an italian restaurant in the east	there is pizza hut fen ditton it s moderately priced would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please 1 person at 16:45 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 37mp7ucy is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that was all thanks !	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food that s not too expensive or too cheap	galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town
2 great that would be perfect for me can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant ?	i could book that for you if you let me know when you d like to dine there and how many people will be joining you
3 actually i don t need booking i just need the postcode address and phone number	certainly galleria postcode cb21uw address 33 bridge street and phone number 01223362054
4 that is all i needed thank you goodbye	glad i could be of assistance have a great day good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi	sure we have many do you have a specific area you want to stay in ?
2 i want a guesthouse but don t really care what area it is in	okay there are 9 cheap guesthouses do you prefer it to have free parking ?
3 don t particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 4 star ones i would appreciate it	may i suggest the 4 star cheap range guesthouse called finches bed and breakfast at 144 thornton road cb30nd may i make a reservation ?
4 i guess that would be okay	ok if you would like me to book a room i ll need the number of people the number of nights you re staying and your arrival day
5 i don t need you to book it can you just provide me with the address and area	finches is in the west at 144 thornton road can i help with anything else today ?
6 no thank you for your help	glad i could help let us know if you need help in the future have a great day !
7 i sure will and you have a great day too	glad to help ! have a lovely day

#hotel#
1 hi can you help me find a guesthouse ? i need free parking	i found 21 results what side of town would you like ?
2 i would prefer the north side of town please	there are quite a lot of them in that area do you have a price range in mind or a particular star rating you d like me to look for ?
3 not really i just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights starting sunday	unfortunately booking within your criteria was unsuccessful at all hotels could you change your number of days ?
4 would you try 1 night for 6 people on sunday please ?	i have you booked at acorn guest house reference number is: idaiis1t
5 brilliant ! thank you	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no you have been most helpful thanks again	you are very welcome thank you and have a nice stay

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north	okay i have pulled up two matches an indian restaurant and an italian restaurant
2 what is the name and location of the italian restaurant in the north ?	da vinci pizza 20 milon road chesterton what else may i help you with ?
3 that s all thanks	you re very welcome ! have fun !

#hotel#
1 i need a guesthouse with a moderate price	do you have a preferred area of the city you d like to stay in ?
2 no i don t have a preference i d like the guesthouse to have free parking though !	i found acorn guest house it is moderately priced and has four stars ! would you like me to book that for you ?
3 yes please create a booking for 6 people it needs to be for 2 nights starting on tuesday	of course ! you re all set with reference number wzrkrxgz may i help with anything else ?
4 no that ll be all ! thank you for your help !	okay glad we could help !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town what is the address and postcode ?	the missing sock fits your criteria it is on finders corner newmarket road postode isc.b 25 9 a.q
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

#hotel#
1 i d like to find some information about the allenbell hotel	absolutely ! the allenbell is a guesthouse in the east it has 4 stars and is relatively cheap they offer their guests free wifi and parking would you like any other info ?
2 perfect ! can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday ?	your booking is successful ! your reference number is vls0wvd3
3 great ! that works out perfect that s all for today thanks a lot bye !	you re very welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 don t care about price just looking for thai food	there is bangkok city which serves thai food is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 what is the address and phone number ?	the phone number for bangkok city is 01223 354382 and the address is 24 green street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for the information on a restaurant named rajmahal could you provide me their info ?	sure their phone is 01223244955 postcode cb58rg and address is 7 barnwell road fen ditton is there anything else i can help with ?
2 can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this saturday ?	yes i have you booked for 7 people and your reference number is 1u0tf4xa
3 wonderful thanks that s all i need	you re welcome have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for alexeander b&b	alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the centre of town in the cheap price range
2 that location is perfect can you book it for me for 2 nights starting with thursday it would be for 5 people	unfortunately that hotel isn t available during that time is there another hotel you would like to book ?
3 no,lets try for next friday ?	i m sorry the hotel is not available next friday would you like to try another date or another property ?
4 another hotel then same price range	i was able to book el shaddai reference number is e79rsowr
5 thank you so much !	your welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that was all thank you for your help today	you re welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the type of hotel	i found the cityroomz hotel in the centre part of town would you like to book a room ?
2 the hotel should include free wifi and doesn t need to have free parking	cityroomz has free wifi and does not offer free parking do you want me to book it for you ?
3 yes.book for six people and six nights remember to also give me the reference number	what day would you like the reservation to start ?
4 it needs to start on wednesday please	sorry i was unable to complete the booking would you like to try booking for a shorter stay or for another day ?
5 how about for 5 nights ?	your booking was successful is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 actually i need the reservation to be for 4 nights 6 people starting from wednesday could you change the reservation for me please ?	no problem i was able to book that for you and your reference number is va5jadck is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 i think that is everything thanks !	you re welcome have a pleasant stay goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for expensive corsica food	there are no expensive corsica eateries would you like to try another criteria ?
2 how about indian food instead ?	yes there are quite a few expensive indian restaurants what part of town would you prefer ?
3 how about the west ? could you give me their postcode and telephone number ?	i have five indian restaurants in the west may i suggest tandoori palace ?
4 that will be fine as long as it s expensive can you tell me the postcode and phone number ?	the postcode for tandoori palace is cb43le and the phone number is 01223506055 would you like me to book you a table ?
5 no i don t need anything else at the moment	thank you and goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find me a moderately priced hotel ?	sure there are 3 moderately priced hotels would you prefer to stay in the north or centre ?
2 i don t mind which area but i need free parking and somewhere with 2 stars if possible	there are two hotels with free parking and a 2-star rating
3 could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on tuesday ? i have no preference which one you pick	i have booked you at the ashley hotel in the north area your reference number is 970je5zn do you need any additional information about this location or any additional help today ?
4 no that is all thanks	okay i am glad i could be of help

#train#
1 can i please get information for a train going from cambridge to broxbourne ?	what day will you be traveling ?
2 i want to travel on friday please	what time would you like to leave ?
3 can you give me the train id and price of the first train that departs after 19:45 ?	yes it will cost 17.90 pounds and the id is tr3342 anything else ?
4 no that s it for today	if you need reservations or information in the future we will be happy to assist you
5 thank you for your assistance goodbye	my pleasure have a great day

#train#
1 i m looking for a train from cambridge to the stansted airport	i can help with that ! what day will you be travelling ?
2 saturday after 20:00 how much will this cost ?	the cost of the trip from cambridge to stansted airport will cost 10.10 pounds for 1 person
3 and what is the travel time please ?	the trip lasts 28 minutes
4 okay thank you ! that is all !	you re welcome ! have fun !
5 thank you bye	goodbye and thanks for contacting our service

#hotel#
1 i need a moderately priced guest house	there are 15 moderately priced guesthouses do you have any specific needs such as area or internet access or parking ? what star rating would you prefer ?
2 yes i want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars	acorn house is on the north side has a 4-star rating and is in the moderate price range they have free wifi what dates do you need ?
3 i need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday	i m sorry it doesn t look like they have a room available would you like me to try a different one ?
4 yes please try a different hotel in the same price range	i have successfully booked you a room for 1 person and 4 nights starting on wednesday at the archway house they are located at 52 gilbert road
5 can you give me a reference number to check in with ?	reference number is 4d968p9b
6 thank you for your help !	you are welcome ! enjoy your stay
7 thank you i m sure i will	great thank you

#restaurant#
1 could you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant ?	there are two restaurants one located in the north area and centre area which one would you prefer ?
2 let s go with the centre i need a reservation for 2 at 13:30 on thursday	i am sorry there are no tables available,can i help you find another place to eat ?
3 i need a different restaurant in the same area and price range please	i could try little seoul which is korean or possibly hk fusion chinese if you want would you like me to ?
4 does the hk fusion chinese restaurant have availability on thursday at 13:30 ?	yes there is availability i made a reservation for thursday at 13:30 for 2 the reference number is cbz1wprf is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that is all thanks bye	have a great day ! thank you for using our service

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find the best most expensive restaurant in the south part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant in the south part of town an has an expensive price range
3 could you please give me the address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170
4 thanks bye bye	you are welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town please	pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like more information for them ?
2 yes may i have th phone number and address please ?	it s phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 thank you ! have a nice day !	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range	i have about 5 restaurants in that area what kind of food would you like them to serve ?
2 surprise me i just need the booking for 8 people monday at 18:00 please provide me with a reference number for this booking	i can make a reservation at saigon city for 8 people on monday evening the reference number is eckx7ysf is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you so much ! that s all i needed	you are very welcome would you like the address for the restaurant ?
4 no thank you have a great day !	you have a great day as well !

#restaurant#
1 i need a place to eat in the north area of the city	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	what price range are you looking for ?
3 in the moderate price range	golden wok serves chinese food is located in the north part of the city and in the moderate price range
4 what is the phone number and address ?	the golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a chinese restaurant with moderate prices ?	you have your choice of the jinling noodle bar lan hong house shanghai family restaurant or the golden wok
2 which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town ?	jinling noodle bar lan hong house and shanghai family restaurant are all in the centre of town
3 thanks ! can i have the address phone number and postcode for jinling noodle bar please ?	sure.the address is 11 peas hill city centre postcode cb23pp and the phone number is 01223566188 can i book a table for you ?
4 no thanks that s not necessary i think i have all i need have a good night	thank you have a good night goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i a looking for a cheap place to stay what can you recommend for me ?	there is 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range do you have a preference for type or area ?
2 i would like something in the east of the city i don t care about internet	how about autumn house ? it s cheap and in the east
3 that sounds good thank you	would you like me to book a reservation for you ?
4 yes i need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on saturday	i m sorry the reservation was unsuccessful would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay ?
5 sure can you try just 2 nights please ?	okay i ve made you a reservation at the autumn house your reference number is hcqfaej3 can i do anything else for you today ?
6 no that would be all	okay thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking for a restaurant in the area it should serve spanish food and it should also be in the more expensive price range can you possibly help me ?	i haven t found anything matching what you re looking for
2 how about a chinese restaurant then ?	yes i have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in ?
3 area does not matter	the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south would you like me to book it ?

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a north african restaurant	i m sorry but it looks like i don t happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine ? can i help you with a different type ?
2 how about something in the expensive price range instead ?	sure there are 57 expensive restaurants in town is there an area of town you d prefer ?
3 i would prefer something near the centre please	there are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria may i interest you in african cuisine since you originally asked for north african restaurant ?
4 no i think i d like an expensive french restaurant instead	cote is an expensive french restaurant in the center of town would you like a table there or possibly their address ?
5 yes please can you book it for friday at 19:45 ? there will be 8 of us	ok you have a table for 8 at cote onfriday night your reference number is zwi39rv9 can i help you with anything else today ?
6 no that s everything thank you ! goodbye	you are welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town	i m sorry but there aren t any places that meet those qualifications would you like to try a different part of town ?
2 how about an expensive hotel in the south side of town ?	there is one option it is the lensfield hotel do you want me to reserve any rooms for you ?
3 does it offer free wifi ?	yes the lensfield hotel does have free wifi
4 how about free parking does it have that as well ?	yes it also has free parking anything else today ?
5 book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday	the booking was successful your reference number is 81e1itxc is there anything else i can help with today ?
6 no that is all i need thank you for your time	we appreciate you using our services have a good day

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a corsica restaurant ?	i m sorry i can t find any place with corsica food do you have a second choice ?
2 yes a restaurant serving british food would be good	there are 11 restaurants that serve british food do you have an area or price range preference ?
3 i do not care about the price range and would just like one in the west part of town	graffiti is an expensive british restaurant in the west would you like more information ?
4 i d like their address and phone number please	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223 277977 can i find any further information for you ?
5 what is the price range ?	it is expensive
6 that you that s all i need to know	thank you have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 a french restaurant in the centre part of town please give me address and phone number	cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at bridge street city centre do you require any additional information ?
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town	we have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side cuisines offered are thai indian european and british do you have a preference ?
2 no i don t have a preference i want to book for four people at 15:00 on saturday	okay i booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on saturday at the graffiti an expensive british restaurant in the west area of town
3 thank you can you please give me the reference number ?	the reference number is 5whdpghw is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that will be all thank you so much for all of your help !	excellent have a good rest of your day !

#train#
1 i need a train to cambridge	sure where will you be boarding and what day would you like to leave ?
2 i will board at king s lynn before 13:30 on tuesday	i have 8 routes which will arrive in cambridge by 13:30 they leave hourly on the :11 from 05:11 to 12:11 lasting 47 minutes would you like to book ?
3 i would like the train that arrives closest to 13:30 please i will also need the departure time	tr8699 departs tuesday at 12:11 and arrives in cambridge at 12:58 would you like to book it ?
4 no i am not sure i am traveling just yet thanks for the information i am all set for now have a nice day	okay is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no goodbye	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel	i m sorry i have found no matches
2 what about moderately priced 4 star lodging of any hotel type ?	how about avalon ? they re a guesthouse in the north
3 do they offer parking and wifi ?	they do offer wifi but no parking
4 are there any that include both free parking and free wifi ? the area doesn t matter	the acorn guest house is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse that has free parking and wifi would you like me to book it for you ?
5 can i just have the phone number ?	sure their phone number is 01223353888 may i assist you with anything else ?
6 what area is that one in ?	the acorn guest house is in the north can i help you with anything else today ?
7 that takes care of everything thanks so much ! bye for now	they are in in the north area
8 ok thank you and good bye	you are welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 i need information on the home from home hotel	it is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking anything else today ?
2 thanks so much for your help that s all	you are so welcome ! have a lovely day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town	the cambridge lodge restaurant is in the cheap price range and in the west part of town
2 what its phone number ?	i cannot find that information
3 can you give me the phone number of a different cheap restaurant in the west part of town ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range the phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you ! goodbye	have a good evening

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town	unfortunately there are no danish restaurants listed in the south part of town would you like something else ?
2 yes please look for portuguese food can i get the phone number and address ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the cheap price range located in the south part of town the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price	there are 11 possible choices do you have any additional preferences ?
2 yes i would like it to be on the north part of town	there are quite a few guesthouses in that area would a guesthouse meet your needs ?
3 yes a guesthouse would be fine does it have internet ? and what is it s postcode ?	yes the acorn guest house has internet
4 great that s perfect thanks for your help !	and the postcode is cb41da if you still need that information is there anything else i can help with ?
5 no that s all for now thank you	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 can you give me some information on the avalon hotel ?	i d be happy to the avalon is a guesthouse located on the north side it s moderately priced has 4-stars and offers free wifi would you like to book a room ?
2 not at the moment can i have their phone number ?	certainly the phone number is 01223353071 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that covers it thanks !	great ! have a wonderful day ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 yes i am trying to find a hotel by the name of allenbell can you help me ?	i ve located allenbell guesthouse it s in the east at address 517a coldham lane postcode cb13js the contact number is 01223210353 would you like to book a room ?
2 yes i would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday	your booking is confirmed 8 people for 5 nights starting tuesday at the allenbell booking reference is ylpaos85 do you need anything else ?
3 no thank you thanks for your help	thank you for choosing the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food	there is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called ali baba would you like their address ?
2 could you give me just the phone number and postcode please ?	sure the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is cb21nt is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	you are welcome is there anything else we can help you with today ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what kind of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	i would recommend the da vinci pizzeria they are located at 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is the phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria s phone number is 01223 351707 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the address ?	the address of da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton
5 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve italian food
6 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves venetian food i d like to stay in the west part of town can you find me a phone number ?	i apologize there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town would you like to try a different part of town ?
2 that s okay ! how about indian food ? could i have the address and phone number of an indian food restaurant please	cocum is an indian restaurant located at 71 castle street city centre and it s phone number is 01223 366668
3 is it in the west part of town ?	yes it is in the west part of town
4 awesome thank you ! that s all i needed to know have a good evening	you re quite welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking	there are 29 hotels that meet your criteria do you have a preferred location in the city so we can narrow down your choices ?
2 the location does not matter but i need a 3 star hotel	bridge guest house is a 3 star and a nice place.do you want the address ?

#restaurant#
1 are there any indian restaurants there ?	yes there are 22 what area would you like to dine in ?
2 i want to dine in the west	which price range do you want ? i have expensive and moderate
3 i would prefer moderate price range	i have found one can i make a booking for you ?
4 no i just need to know the postcode	the restaurant is called meghna the postcode is cb43lf the address is 205 victoria road chesterton anything else ?
5 got everything thanks goodbye	thanks for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range	okay do you want to dine in a specific area ?
2 i am looking in the centre of town	we have 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town two are in market hill city centre shall i just pick one for you ?
3 yes surprise me please ! it s for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday	booking was successful at don pasquale pizzeria the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : oyesls03 can i help with anything else ?
4 no thank you so much ! have a nice day	you are welcome have a nice day as well good bye

#hotel#
1 i want some information on the university arms hotel please	the university arms hotel is an expensive hotel in the centre with internet and parking would you like me to make a booking ?
2 yes i need rooms for 5 people for 5 nights starting wednesday	unfortunately the hotel is unavailable at that time would you like me to find another hotel ?
3 are there any listings for a moderately priced hotel in that area ?	a and b guest house is moderately priceed.would you like me to book you ?

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for international food hopefully someplace moderately priced	the center of town offers two: the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant
2 great thank you for all your help	was that all you needed today ?
3 yep ! thanks - i m all done	let me know if you need any more info
4 thank you for your help that s all i needed	thank you for calling goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train on tuesday leaving from london kings cross	there are 10 trains leaving london kings cross on tuesday what time would you like to depart ?
2 around 08:00 and departing for cambridge	there is a train leaving at 9:17 does that work ?
3 that should work fine can i get tickets for 6 people ?	i have booked the train for 6 people 141.6 gbp is payable at the station the reference number is ofa93o2t
4 that sounds great i appreciate your help bye	okay glad i could be of help

#hotel#
1 i m needing a place to stay that is in the centre of town	i have several options for you in the center of town do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i don t care about the price range but i need free parking please	i have narrowed it down to 4 options i have 2 cheaper ones that are guesthouses and 2 expensive hotels do you have a preference ?
3 i would prefer a hotel with 4 stars please are either of those 4 stars with free parking ? and also do either have free wifi ?	you might be interested in the university arms hotel should i book you a room ?
4 i don t want to book it right now can i get the phone number and postcode please ?	yes the phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad may i help you with anything else ?
5 just to verify the university arms offers free wifi and free parking ?	indeed they do !
6 great ! that is wonderful ! have a great day !	i hope you have a wonderful day as well

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to eat i want expensive malaysian food can you help ?	i m sorry but there aren t any malaysian places of any price in town would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 well i need it to be in the south of town	on the south end in the expensive price range we have mexican italian indian and chinese foods to choose from do any of these sound good ?
3 chinese sounds good can you give me any suggestions ?	yes i would recommend the peking restaurant located at 10 homerton street city centre could i reserve a table for you ?
4 sounds great make a reservation for 4 on friday at 11:00	that time slot is not available would you like to try another time
5 how about !0:00 instead is that available friday ?	i believe you meant 10:00 so i went ahead and made the reservation for that time the reference number is hrplz9aq
6 thanks that s all i need	you re welcome ! enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i need a train from cambridge to norwich please	what day will you be travelling ?
2 i would like to depart on sunday	we have 19 trains that go from cambridge to norwich on sunday would you like to depart at a certain time ?
3 i need to arrive by 12:30	we have the tr9533 that arrives at 11:55 how is that ?
4 i need the reference number please	how many tickets do you want ? do you want me to book that ?
5 i only want one ticket please	your train is successfully booked.your reference number is 2ornpxr6
6 okay great thanks for your help	alright enjoy your journey

#hotel#
1 can you please help me find a guesthouse that offers free parking ?	okay what area would you like to stay in ?
2 i don t care just something in the moderate price range and 4 stars	the acorn guest house fits your criteria it is located in the north would you like a reservation ?
3 no thank you would you give me the postcode ?	sure can the post code is cb41da anything else i can do for you today ?
4 that s all i needed to know thanks so much ! take care !	you are welcome have a great day

#train#
1 hi ! could you find me a train to stevenage on thursday ?	there are 10 trains meeting your preferences would you like me to book one of these for you ?
2 would you be able to get me to stevenage by 18:45 ?	where would you be leaving from ?
3 i ll be leaving from cambridge	tr4765 will arrive in stevenage by 18:10 on thursday do you want to book a ticket ?
4 i would like to book 7 tickets please i will also need the reference number thanks	sure your reference number is : uij42c5l is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that is all i need thank you so much for your help have a nice day	thank you for using our service are you certain you don t need any further assistance ?
6 yes that s everything i needed thanks	thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called the hotpot	absolutely the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is vwtx9t8t thank you !

#hotel#
1 i am visiting in the northern area of town i need to find me a place to stay for the night can you help ?	there are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north do you have a preference as to type or other requirements ?
2 i d like it to have free parking and free wifi	the arbury lodge guesthouse is the north area with free parking and wifi would you care to book a room here ?
3 is the arbury lodge moderately priced ? if so i would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on saturday	the arbury lodge is unavailable for 3 nights on saturday can you select another day or for fewer days ?
4 alright can you try for just one night ?	i was able to book you a room for 1 night at the guesthouse the reference number is nezykv5e is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that should do it thanks so much for your help !	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars	the a and b guest house is a 4-star rated guesthouse in the east with a moderate price range would you like to make a booking ?
2 does it include free wifi ?	yes it does have free internet would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes can you book it for 6 people ? we will arrive on friday and stay for 2 nights	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you be interested in another hotel ?
4 can you check for a different hotel in the same pricerange ?	i am sorry there are no others in that price range in any area,would you like to change the star rating to check for others ?
5 it does not need to be a guesthouse can t you find anything that is east 4 star with free wifi that is all i require please its important	i have the carolina bed and breakfast or warkworth house would you like me to try one of those ?
6 yes one of those will be fine	your booking at carolina bed and breakfast was successful your reference number is pglregj8
7 great ! nothing else at the moment but thank you and goodbye	okay glad i could be of help

#hotel#
1 good evening i m kind of in a situation the hotel i had planned to stay was overbooked and i need to find me a room pretty quickly can you help ?	there are many hotels available do you have any preferences to price or area ?
2 not really but it should be in the north	there are two hotels on the north end the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge which would you like ?
3 i would prefer a guesthouse thats 4 star rated do either of those fit the bill ?	no i m afraid they re both two stars would you like to try one of them anyway ?
4 do they have free wifi at either of them ?	yes both have free internet which one do you prefer ?
5 i would really like a four star guesthouse in the north area i don t need parking	okay i ve found several place that meet those requirements i suggest the avalon would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
6 first could you tell me the price range for the avalon ?	the price range at the avalon is moderate do you have any more questions ?
7 yes can you confirm if the avalon has internet please ?	yes they does but no free parking though
8 cool thanks i m good now goodbye	you have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i d like a resturant in the centre of town that serves canapes food	unfortunately i don t have any available listings that fit that type would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town ?
2 maybe take another look ? i need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre	i m sorry i could not find any restaurants fitting that description would you like to suggest another cuisine or location ?
3 that s okay let s try european food instead with the other details the same	i have two available the eraina and michaelhouse cafe can i assist you in booking a table at either of these ?
4 can you just give me the postcode of eraina ?	sure the postcode is cb23rh can i be of further service today ?
5 you ve been more than helpful thanks but thats all i need have a good night	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for nearby museums	we have 23 fine museums in town is there a certain area you would like ?
2 no particular area may i have the phone number of one you recommend ?	i recommend broughton house gallery
3 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	their phone number is 01223314960 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 that would be it thank you for all your help	i hope you enjoy the museum and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi ! can you help me find a particular restaurant ?	of course there are 110 restaurants in town would you like me to search by restaurant name ?
2 yes i am looking for the varsity restaurant	the varsity restaurant serves international food in the center of town do you want me to book it for you ?
3 yes can i get a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15 ?	yes i will book a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15
4 excellent i ll need the reference number	unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderate priced chinese food place	yes there are 4 chinese restaurants that are moderately priced 3 in centre and one in north
2 i need one in the centre doesn t matter which	would you like me to make you a reservation at the jinling noodle bar ?
3 yes please i will need it at 20:00 on saturday for 8 people thank you	booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant ?

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a theatre to visit would you have any suggestions ?	there are 5 theatres in town 4 in the centre and 1 in the south do you have a preference for area ?
2 the one on the south side please could you tell me it s postcode and if it has an entry fee ?	the junction is in the south area the postcode is cb17gx the entrance fee is not listed would you like the phone number ?
3 unlisted ! what a pain okay i suppose give me the phone number thanks	sure thing the phone number is 01223511511 how else may i help you ?
4 that s all the information i need thank you !	you re welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food what is the address and phone number ?	there is an asian oriental place at 40428 king street city centre you can call them at 01223 518111
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge	there are many trains available do you have a specific day or time in mind ?
2 i would like to travel on sunday	great and what time on sunday would you like to either leave after or arrive by ?
3 i need to leave after 17:15	can i book for you ?
4 yes i need it booked for 2 people	the total fee is 26.4 gbp payable at the station reference number is : cw3o4qg9 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no that would be it thank you very much	you re welcome have an amazing trip !

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre can you help me please ?	i d love to help we have 33 expensive restaurants do you have a cuisine you d prefer ?
2 yes i m looking for gastropub food	i have found the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce which one would you like more information on ?
3 do anything of them serve gastropub food ?	yes both are in the expensive price range
4 any one will be fine i need the reference number please after its booked	can i have the munber in your party and the day and time you would like to book ?
5 i want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a tuesday please	okay i was able to book you then at the slug and lettuce and your reference number is fsof58oo
6 that is great ! thank you for all your help	great ! here is the address 34 - 35 green street
7 thank you so much that is all i need	thank you for calling and have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the north part of cambridge would you like more information ?
2 could you book me a table for 5 on saturday at 12:00 ?	a table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes the reference number is 67ii8018 may i help you with anything else ?
3 that is all thank you !	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves thai food and is in the expensive price range	bangkok city is a recommended thai restaurant in the centre
2 what is the address and phone number ?	bangkok city is at 24 green street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354382 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using our system goodbye
4 no further assistance needed goodbye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap place to have a meal	sure do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter to me but i would like the restaurant to be in the north	okay there is indian and italian food which do you prefer ?
3 italian sounds good i need a reservation for thursday at 16:15 please	how many will be in your party ?
4 i need a table for 3 people	you have a table at da vinci pizzeria the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : bsajgsj8 do you need anything else today ?
5 that is all for now thank you	thank you have a good day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food their address is corn exchange street in the centre area
2 thank you	you re welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a restaurant that serves chinese food in the south please	there are 3 restaurants in the south part of town that serve chinese food would you like more information on one of them ?
2 yes i would prefer an expensive one please	i have two that would be on the expensive side the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant can i reserve a table for you at either of these ?
3 no not yet thanks could you give me the address/postcode for peking restaurant ?	the address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre and its postcode is cb28nx
4 alright sounds good	is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all thanks !	you re welcome have a great day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range what do you have that you can suggest ?	we have 21 of those including those serving british food and many other types can you narrow it down some ?
2 sure can you try to find a british restaurant ?	cotto is very good can i reserve a table for you ?
3 that sounds great i need a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on wednesday	i was able to make a reservation for 6 people at cotto on wednesday at 14:45 your reference number is rx6xp8kp
4 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	please contact us anytime good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called travellers rest	it is an expensive british restaurant on the west side of town would you like the address ?
2 yes and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on monday please	ok you re all set for monday at 14:15 have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town what is the address and phone number ?	i have found two that may work first la margherita is at 15 magdalene street city centre phone is 01223 315232 second one serves vietnamese at 17 magdalene street city centre number is 01223 362456
2 is there anything else if so give me their address and phone number	those are the only listings in the west part of town would you like to change your location or price range ?
3 no thank you	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s fine thank you !	thank you very much for using the cambridge restaurant system

#attraction#
1 tell me about museums on the west side of town	i have found several galleries and museums in the west side of town were you looking for something with free entrance ?
2 which type of museums are available ?	there are three galleries two museums kettle s yard and the people s portraits exhibition at girton college
3 i d like to go to a museum can you tell me your favorite ? and if you have their phone number that would be really great	i find kettle s yard to be fascinating their phone number is 01223748100 and they re located on castle street can i be of any further assistance ?
4 thanks no that will be it	enjoy your visit to kettle s yard thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#attraction#
1 yes hello i would like info on milton country park ?	yes of course milton country park is a park in the northern area of town what would you like to know ?
2 can i have their postcode ?	their post code is cb46az
3 thanks very much for your help today	you re welcome thank you for calling the cambridge township centre enjoy your day !

#restaurant#
1 i want something in the north part of town moderately priced	what kind of food would you like ?
2 any type of food will be fine as long as it s moderately priced and in the north part of town	golden wok is located in the north part of town is moderately priced and serves chinese food
3 i ve actually had a bad experience at the gold wok is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north ?	would you instead be interested in the nirala which serves indian food ?
4 sounds good what is the postcode and phone number ?	the post code and phone number for the nirala is c.b 4 1 u.y and phone is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a place with austrian food	i m sorry i don t have a restaurant that serves austrian food do you have a second choice ?
2 ok how about a place with spanish food ?	there is la raza a cheap spanish restaurant located at 4 - 6 rose crescent there is also la tasca a moderately priced spanish restaurant located at 14 -16 bridge street
3 thanks for your help ! goodbye	thank you for using our system goodbye

#train#
1 i need some train schedule information please	is there a specific destination you need to depart from ?
2 yes the train should arrive by 18:15 and should depart from ely	what is your destination ?
3 i want to go to cambridge please	trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr8519 ely cambridge friday 05:35 05:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes tr8510 ely cambridge friday 07:35 07:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes tr3976 ely cambridge friday 09:35 09:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes tr0212 ely cambridge friday 11:35 11:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes tr0236 ely cambridge friday 13:35 13:52 4.40 pounds 17 minutes there is a sample
4 thanks that s all i need	did you say you were leaving on friday ?
5 i need to leave on thursday not friday	i see all right i ve adjusted that information for you
6 that is all i needed	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 hi can you look up darrys cookhouse and wine shop for me ?	i sure can ! darry s cookhouse is an expensive modern european restaurant in the center of town they are located at 40270 king street city centre can i make you a reservation by chance ?
2 that s it can you make a reservation for me ? there are 5 of us and we would like to reserve sunday at 11:45 if possible	reservation made the reference number is fiqy6rr9
3 thank you for the helpful information !	no problem at all what else can i do for you ?
4 that is all thanks have a nice day bye !	you as well ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i d like to get moderately-priced polynesian food	sorry but there aren t any restaurants of that type would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center ?	no i m sorry there isn t anything fitting those details can we try a different area or type of food ?
3 how about british food ?	i have 5 moderately priced british restaurants in the centre but i do not have any cheap ones would you like me to book one of these ?
4 no thank you can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address ?	the cotto is a great choice their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 east road city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 as long as they serve british cuisine and moderately priced that sounds great thanks for your help	they are indeed is there anything else you need today ?
6 no that s everything thank you !	thank you for contacting us and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please	there are over 20 options that fit that criteria do you have a specific food type in mind ?
2 not really...but i do need to make a reservation for 3 on tuesday at 3:45 in the afternoon ?	there are five options that are in centre part of town

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay in the east i don t need to have access to the internet	i have 7 places available in the east what is your price range ?
2 price does not matter but can you find one without free parking ?	a and a guest house is available it s in east part of town and is moderately priced with no free parking can i book it for you ?
3 does it have free wi fi ? i need free wi fi	the a nd b guesthouse has wi-fi and fits the rest of your criteria i can book you if you would like
4 yes please can i book it for 2 people on monday night with a 5 night stay ?	i m sorry that isn t available is there something else i can find for you ?
5 how about something else in the same price range ?	okay you re booked at acorn guest house with reference number hk5aycb6 may i help with anything else ?
6 can i have the address please ?	sure ! the address for the acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road cb41da and the phone is 01223353888
7 thank you so much that is all	okay enjoy your stay here

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a british restaurant on the west side	there are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with ? there are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one
2 could you recommend one of the expensive ones ?	graffiti is on the west side of town serves a wonderful british menu and falls in the expensive price range would you like to reserve a table ?
3 yes i need a booking for thursday at 17:00 for 8 people	booking was successful can i get you anything else then ?
4 yes i need the reference number please	the reference number is zf7xhmyx
5 excellent that is everything !	great have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay a guesthouse would be great	is there a certain side of town you want to be on ?
2 no not necessarily i would like place moderately priced that includes free wifi and also free parking	i show several hotels that meet those criteria what day and how many people are you looking to book for ?
3 6 people for 5 nights starting saturday please	i have that reservation made at the acorn guest house for 5 nights 6 people and you guys will arrive on saturday
4 may i have the reference code please ?	booking was unsuccessful want to find another hotel ?
5 yes please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a hotel instead of a guesthouse if possible	i was able to successfully book you at ashley hotel the address is 74 chesterton road the reference number is ginrz444
6 thank you so much for your help	you are welcome may i help you with anything else ?
7 no that s all i need thanks again	okay enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town	the golden wok is in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range
2 no i am not interested in the golden wok is there anything else ?	the nirala is also located in the north and moderately priced it serves indian food
3 great ! can i have the phone number and postcode please ?	the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton its phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is cb41uy is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all i needed thank you	thank you for using this system and please call us again goodbye
5 bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant sytem good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking	we have quite a few lodgings which offer both do you have a preference as to what type of lodging a guesthouse or hotel ?
2 i m looking for a 0 star guesthouse	i have two options city centre north b&b is in the north and el shaddai is in the centre do you have a preference ?
3 how about el shaddai ? i ll book it for 3 nights starting sunday there will be 5 of us	your booking was successful the reference number is 8jgi0f6y is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all ! thanks !	awesome have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant	de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
2 i need something that s in the east part of town	curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton 01223 566388
3 what is the phone number ?	curry prince s phone number is 01223 566388 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed bye bye !	you re welcome have a good evening

#restaurant#
1 i want turkish food	i find 3 restaurants matching your request
2 is there anything else ?	you re looking for turkish food correct ?
3 yes are any of those restaurants in the centre of town ?	yes there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town
4 what is the price range ?	anatolia and efes restaurant are moderately priced while meze bar restaurant is expensive
5 what is the address ?	the address for which restaurant ?
6 address for anatolia please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that s all i need thanks	you re welcome and thank you for using this system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want something cheap in the west part of town	what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	the is the la margherita for italian food and the thanh binh for vietnamese food would you like the addresses ?
3 i would like the phone number and address for la margherita please	la margherita s address is 15 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 315232 is there any additional info i can help you find ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our service have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos city centre serves portuguese food they are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range
2 what is their address ?	nandos city centre is at 33-34 saint andrews street
3 thank you so much !	you re welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with free parking	we have many places to choose from do you have a specific price range or area you want to stay in ?
2 no but i would like a guesthouse	we have 21 of those would you like to narrow your choices down by location or price range ?
3 can you give me the address of the one you recommend ?	i recommend the arbury lodge guesthouse on the northside its in the moderate price range and its located at 82 arbury road will that be all today ?
4 does it have free wifi ?	yes they do offer free wifi and parking would you like reservations ?
5 i don t need a reservation just yet but can you give me the address ?	absolutely the address is 82 arbury road cb42je may i help with anything else ?
6 no that is everything thank you for your help	you are welcome ! have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat	okay i need some more information do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go ?
2 i am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the americas food	sorry i couldn t find anything
3 where else could ypou suppose i get american food	i m not sure nothing is coming up for that type of food would you like to try a different cuisine ?
4 how about italian ? i love pasta	i have found a few italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for ?
5 it doesn t matter really but i want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday so whichever one could accommodate that works for me	great i have you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar at 18:15 and the reference number is zm5sfsmh is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you that was all i needed have a great day	the location is at market hill city centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 there seems to be an error thanks for booking the italian restaurant that is all i needed	just want to confirm do you need any further assistance ?
8 no that was everything thanks	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what food type are you looking for ?
2 i don t care what type of food it is	there is da vinci pizzeria and royal spice both are in the north area and in the cheap price range
3 what are their phone numbers ?	da vinci pizzeria is at 01223 351707 and royal spice is at 01733 553355
4 thank you good bye	thanks

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called rice boat	yes indian food ! very good would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 no thanks but could i get the price range and the postcode please ?	the price is in the expensive range and the postcode is cb39ey

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please	express by holiday inn cambridge is an expensive hotel with free parking their phone number is 01223866800
2 is it a guesthouse ? i d really like a guesthouse with 3 stars if possible	unfortunately i can t find a 3-star expensive guesthouse with free parking would you like me to find something else ?
3 how about a hotel instead of a guesthouse ?	sure the lensfield hotel is in the south it is very nice can i book it for you ?
4 first can you give me the phone number postcode and tell me if they have internet ?	the lensfield does have free wifi their phone number is 01223355017 and their postcode is cb21en
5 that is perfect thank you for your help goodbye	let us know if you have any more questions !

#hotel#
1 i need a room in the south free wifi	i have one hotel and three guesthouses on the southside would you like a certain price range or star rating ?
2 the price range and star rating is not important to me	do you need it to have free parking ?
3 no you can just pick whatever you would recommend can you book a room for 6 people starting on saturday for 4 nights ?	ok let s book the lensfield hotel for you saturday for 6 people for 4 nights
4 great can i have the reference number for that reservation ?	i ve booked you at the lensfield with reference number is pkeihxcw can i help you with anything else ?
5 that is all thank you	glad i could help enjoy your stay
6 we will have a good day	thank you so much enjoy your stay
7 you have been super helpful good-bye	thank for using our service goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food	that would be the royal standard at 280 mill road city centre they can be reached at 01223247877
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 yes can you tell me something about the cow pizza kitchen and bar ?	yes sure i can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at corn exchange street and their telephone number is 01223308871 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 no thank you that s all i need	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the expensive price range	certainly there are several expensive italian restaurants would you prefer the centre or south of town ?
2 can we do the centre of town ?	stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the centre of town
3 phone number and postcode please	the phone number is 01223352607 and postcode is cb23nj
4 thank you that s all i need today you ve been a great help - goodbye !	thank you for choosing the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to ely	what day are you looking to travel ?
2 i need to leave a little after 8:00 on sunday and i m leaving from cambridge	the closest train i have is the tr3177 that leaves at 09:50 there s nothing earlier on that day
3 that will have to work what is the arrival time ?	the arrival time is 10:07
4 perfect ! that s all i needed to know thanks have a great day	have a wonderful day !

#train#
1 i need to a train heading to new street station in birmingham do you have info for that ?	where do you want to depart from ?
2 i d like a train that can get me from cambridge to birmingham new street on monday by 12:45	the tr1162 leaves at 9:01 and will arrive at 11:44 is that alright ?
3 yes that will fine can you tell me the travel time for that ?	it will be 163 minutes long
4 thank you for your help that will be all	you re welcome thank you for using our service

#restaurant#
1 could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre ?	certainly ! however there are no moderately priced restaurants in the town centre would you like to try a different area or price range ?
2 is there anything cheap in the town centre ?	i m sorry there are no cheap restaurants n that area would you like to change your price range or area ?
3 i really need it to be in the moderate price range there s really nothing in the city centre ? any cuisine will do	i m sorry we must have had technical difficulties we actually do have 21 restaurants in the centre of town that are moderately priced do you have a certain cuisine in mind ?
4 please surprise me	okay cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range would you like me to book it for you ?
5 can i have their phone number and address please ?	the phone number for the cotto is 0122302010.the address us 183 east road city centre anything else ?
6 no i think i have everything i need thanks bye	thank you have a good day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant	what area would you like to dine in ?
2 area doesn t matter can you pick one to recommend ?	if you d like to eat in the city center i recommend the curry garden their phone is 01223302330 can i book you a table ?
3 yes can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on thursday could i have the reference number please ?	booking was successful your table will be reserved for minutes and your reference number is j37kc1pb anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks all i need thanks !	you re welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city	i have 2 restaurants on the south side that are cheap one serves chinese and the portuguese would you like to book one ?
2 let s try the portuguese restaurant i need a reservation for monday at 14:30 for 3 people please	i am sorry the portuguese restarauant nandos is completely booked at that time should i try the chinese restaurant instead ?
3 do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range ?	the lucky star is in south part of town and is available.would you like the address ?

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant in anatolia	okay anatolia is a turkish restaurant located in the centre is this what you re looking for ?
2 yes i need a reservation for 8 people please	i can make a reservation for 8 people for monday at 17:45 is that okay or would you like another day ?
3 i need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on friday if that doesn t work i can also do tuesday i will also need a reference number	reservations for friday at 13:00 your reference number is 0uaywi5z is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that was it thank you	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a casual sri lankan restaurant	hi ! sorry there are no sri lankan restaurants in the area can i do anything else for you ?
2 what about european ?	there are 11 european restaurants do you have any preferences on location or price range ?
3 i need one in the moderate price range	i was able to find 5 for you 3 serve modern european and the other 2 serve european do you have a preference ?
4 i don t have a preference surprise me	how about galleria ? it serves classic european cuisine would you like me to book you a table ?
5 that sounds good do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on saturday evening ? if yes please book and send the reference number	i m sorry the galleria is not available shall i try another then ?
6 yes please i need it to be in the same area and moderate price range	i was able to book a table for you at hotel du vin and bistro it s a moderately priced classic european restaurant your reference number is h7lu2ipf
7 great thanks i m all through here you ve been a great help	i m glad to have been of help thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a cheap spanish restaurant ?	there are two spanish restaurants in total what price range do you want ?
2 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	la raza is a spanish restaurant in the cheap price range and in the centre part of town
3 can you please give me the address ?	the address is 4 - 6 rose crescent can i help you with anything else ?
4 what is the area ?	la raza s area is in the centre part of town
5 thank you good bye	thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town	the city stop restaurant is in the north part of town the golden wok is also located in the north part of town
2 i want a restaurant that is moderately priced	golden wok is located in the north part of town and is moderately priced
3 what is their address and phone number ?	the address for golden wok is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre ?	sure ! there are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre is there a certain type of food you re looking for ?
2 oh yes ! italian please	i can recommend ask restaurant would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 no let s try italian on the cheap side located in the centre book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please	i was able to book your party at ask your reservation will hold for 15 minutes is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 could i get the reference number please ?	reference number is : v0pvdpbc need anything else ?
5 no thank you ! goodbye	you re welcome and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for cheap eats in the centre	yes i have many chinese and asian restaurants as well as spanish portuguese and indian cuisines matching your price requirements any preference ?
2 i am interested in chinese food	i found three chinese restaurants in the centre: charlie chan rice house and golden house would you like me to book you a table ?
3 yes please ! can i have a table for 1 at charlie chan on sunday at 14:15 ?	sure thing your reference number is d3a1xjl7 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no you ve been very helpful have a good day	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for scandinavian food in any area	i am not able to locate a scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice ?
2 yes could you look for a vietnamese restaurant ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range
3 that will work i would like the address and phone number to the thanh binh restaurant please	their phone number is 01223 362456 how else may i assist you ?
4 i need the address too please	the address for thanh binh is 17 magdalene street city centre is ther anything else i can help you with ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#train#
1 i need to book a train for 8:45 to go to london kings crossing	what day are you planning to travel ?
2 i would like to travel on friday	i m sorry i dont have any trains for that day would you like to leave at a different time ?
3 i will be leaving from cambridge on friday	the earliest train i have is at 09:00 is that ok ?
4 that s fine can you give me the arrival time travel time and train id please ?	tr2000 takes 51 minutes to arrive at by 9:51 would you like me to reserve this for you ?
5 nope that s all i needed thanks !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre ?	you have your choice of pizza hut city centre stazione restaurant and coffee bar pizza express ask or zizzi cambridge
2 are any of them in the cheap price range ?	pizza hut ask and zizzi all appear to be in the cheap price range would you like me to book one ?
3 which one would you recommend ?	i recommend ask do you want me to book it for you ? what day and time do you want to eat ?
4 as long as it s in the same area and price range i guess i can try it please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on wednesday	i m sorry a table was not available would you like to try another restaurant ?
5 another same area and price range please	zizi cambridge is available it is also a cheap italian restaurant in the centre your reservation is for wednesday at 17:15 for 6 people your reference number is crw6r09z
6 great thank you for your help that s all i needed today	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m needing a 4 star guest house today	sure ! we have 18 4 star guesthouses would you like a specific part of town or price range ?
2 do you know if any of them offer free wifi ?	i have 5 optionsd available,all have wifi

#restaurant#
1 i need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food	i am sorry there are no restaurants that meet your requests would you like to change your price range or food type ?
2 oh okay well i guess i would like to find a restaurant that serves modern european food is there such a place available ?	there are two restaurants in the centre area and one in the south part of town do you have a preference ?
3 no i do not	i would recommend riverside brasserie located at doubletree by hilton cambridge granta place mill lane can i make a reservation for you ?
4 sure please i need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on saturday	your table at riverside brasserie is booked one person at 14:45 on saturday your booking reference is uzd82ifv can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that would be it thanks have a nice day	alright thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that leaves on thursday and arrives by 09:15	where are you departing from please ?
2 i am leaving from cambridge where i am now	what is your destination ?
3 i m going to london liverpool street	booking was successful the total fee is 23.6 gbp payable at the station reference number is : xfcgpxha
4 thank you that s all i need good bye	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 hi i need a cheap hotel in the three star range please	there are no results in this area but i could try and find something close to that if you d like ?
2 ok i would like it to be a hotel and have free wifi please	the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel and has both free wifi and parking would you like to make a reservation ?
3 i am really looking for a hotel that is expensive does the cambridge belfry fit that description ?	no the cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the price range of a restaurant called rice boat	rice boat is in the expensive price range can i help you with something else ?
2 no that is all i needed thanks bye	great ! have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i need to find information on home from home	sure it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the north free parking and internet would you like to make a booking ?
2 yes please there will be 2 of us staying for 4 nights and we ll arrive on sunday	i booked you and your reference number is : lkdt8r8b is there anything else ?
3 that is great thanks	can i help with anything more ?
4 no that will be all today thanks a bunch !	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a place that offers free internet and parking	we have quite a few like that i could recommend home from home a moderately priced guesthouse in the north or are there other factors that matter ?
2 just free wifi and free parking moderate priced and should be a guesthouse please	if you tell me when you will be staying how many people and for how many days i can book you at he home from home ?
3 there will be 5 of us staying for 2 nights we would like to start on sunday	i m sorry there were no rooms available perhaps you d like to find another hotel ?
4 how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	i was able to book you into kirkwood house your reference number is ano69rvp is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 oh wait i think i made a mistake we re actually arriving on friday not sunday	i was able to book a guest house called acom guest house it is moderately priced and has internet and parking reference number is 0ra8y7gs would that work for you ?
6 yes that s great thanks so much !	you re welcome ! have a great day !
7 thanks again for your help	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a japanese restaurant in the centre of town	there is a japanese restaurant called wagamama in the centre of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is 36 saint andrews street and their phone number is 01223 462354
3 goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food what is available ?	i found two in the centre part of town they are the la raza and the la tasca
2 is there anything else ? if not could i get the number to la tasca please ?	the phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that ll be all thanks for you help	your welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant	what type of food would you like ?
2 turkish food	i have two restaurants in the centre area of town would you like the information for both ?
3 yes please give me the one turkish food restaurant s phone number and address please	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre phone number is 01223 362372
4 thank you	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive french restaurant	there are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry cote in the center and restaurant two two in the north would you like more information on either ?
2 can i get the address of one place ?	cote is located at bridge street city centre
3 that s it thank you goodbye	you are welcome and thank-you

#hotel#
1 can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi ?	i have 23 guesthouses with wifi is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in ?
2 not a particular area but i would like free parking	there are 21 guesthouses offering both wifi and parking are you looking for a specific price range or star rating ?
3 no i m not particular about the price or rating i do need it available thursday for 3 nights for 3 people	i booked a room at the allenbell guesthouse on coldham lane the reference number is 7qvodjmi can i be of any other assistance to you ?
4 no thank you thank you for the reference number 7qvodjmi goodbye	thank you enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a high end restaurant in the centre can you help me out ?	i have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria is there a certain type of food you are looking for ?
2 i want one that serves light bites	i am sorry but not results came up with your criteria would you like to try something else ?
3 what about one that has italian food ?	i have 4 restaurants that come up based on that criteria would you like more information about them ?
4 that s okay i ll just pick the first one can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this monday ?	i apologize booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another restaurant ?
5 yes please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found	you are booked into the clowns cafe at 54 king street city centre your reference number is i0epbdj4 may i help you with anything else ?
6 thanks so much for your help	you re welcome goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train going to birmingham new street and should leave on thursday	where will you departing from ?
2 i am departing from cambridge and want the train to arrive by 17:15	okay what time do you want to leave ?
3 it doesn t matter just as long as it arrive by 17:15	how about train tr5961 ?
4 tell me the price and travel time please	05:01 07:44 75.10 pounds 163 minutes there you go
5 thank you for your help	you are welcome have a nice train ride

#train#
1 good afternoon i need to make arrangements to leave stevenage on monday by train would you help me please ?	what is your destination ?
2 cambridge is my destination	there are several options what time would you like to depart ?
3 i wish to leave sometime after 14:15	how about tr5825 ?
4 thats still alright give me the reference number too please	how many tickets do you need please ? is it one ?
5 i need 2 tickets please	the booking was successful your reference number is 8c5gs6il the total fee will be 25.6 gbp payable at the station is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome,have a nice day and a wonderful trip

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town	okay sure is there a certain part of town you re interested in visiting ?
2 yes as i already mentioned i want a place in the center of town i d also like to have chinese food please	there are 3 chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they re all in the moderate price range if you like i can book you a table at one of these ?
3 sure ! can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on thursday ?	i made a reservation for one at the lan hong house your reference number is 5txc1hgx would you like their address or phone number ?
4 no the reference number is all i need i will find it thanks !	okay great ! is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that s it ! thanks for your help !	awesome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 a cheap jamaican restaurant please if you cannot find one then mediterranean	there are no jamaican restaurants listed i will look for mediterranean
2 okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place ?	the gardenia is located in the centre at postcode c.b 2 3 l.l and can be reached at 01223 356354 can i get anything else for you ?
3 thank you	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town i would like to know the type of food address and phone number	first we have golden wok at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4 3.h l it is chinese and it s phone number is 01223350688 next we have an indian restaurant at 7 milton road chesterton c.b 4 1uy it is called the nirala
2 do you have the phone number for nirala ?	the nirala s phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome i hope you enjoy your meal at the nirala

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive vietnamese place to eat can you help me find one ?	it doesn t look like there are any expensive vietnamese restaurants would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range ?
2 are there any british food joints ?	graffiti is in the west part of town in the expensive price range would you like to book that ?
3 yes please book a table for 6 on thursday	what time shall we make that booking for ?
4 make it for 11:15 and please give me a reference number	alright your table for 6 has been booked for graffiti for thursday at 11:15 is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 yes can i please have the reference number as well for the booking ?	of course the reference number is 1jr8k2op may i assist you with anything else ?
6 no that is all thank you very much	you are very welcome please feel free to contact us in the future have a great day

#attraction#
1 i am looking for things to do in cambridge can you tell me if there are any nightclubs ?	ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town would you like more details ?
2 how much is it to get in to ballare ? and which area is it in ?	ballare s entrance fee is 5 pounds and they re located in the centre of town is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no that s it thanks a bunch ! bye !	you re welcome have fun !

#hotel#
1 could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap ?	the cambridge belfry fits your needs it has free parking and free internet too !
2 is that a guesthouse ? i really want a guesthouse rather than a hotel	no i m sorry the cambridge belfry is a hotel what area would you like to stay in ?
3 the area doesn t matter as long as it s a 4 star guesthouse	the autumn house is a great guesthouse on the east area of town also includes free wifi and internet and seems to be just what you are looking for
4 sounds great what is the address to that guesthouse ?	710 newmarket road
5 great ! that s all i need today thank you	thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	i found two restaurants would you prefer chinese or indian food ?
2 i do not care what kind of food	there are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area there is golden wok and there is the nirala
3 what is the address and phone number of the golden wok ?	the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system please call again ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a hotel that was recommended it s called the cambridge belfry ?	i have one listing for the cambridge belfry the phone number is 01954714600 would you like me to book you a room ?
2 yes i need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	i m sorry there aren t any rooms available at the cambridge belfry would you like to try another hotel ?
3 yes please find one that is close to it	there are 4 others in the west area,what price range are you looking for ?
4 in the same price range as the belfry can i get the reference number too ?	i have booked you at finches bed and breakfast reference number is : j9aw7ghh is there anything else you need help with ?
5 no thank you goodbye	okay glad i could help

#hotel#
1 can you tell me if warkworth house hotel has wifi	yes i can confirm that warkworth house has internet can i help with anything else ?
2 do they have free parking and what is their phone number ?	yes and their phone number is 01223363682 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that s all i need thank you	sure glad to help

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre	i have many excellent options available do you have a cuisine preference i should i recommend one ?
2 no i don t have a cuisine preference i just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday	great i booked you at the yippee noodle bar and your reference number is ne9y6864
3 that sounds great thank you goodbye	you re welcome i appreciate your using the towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can i get the address and cuisine type of a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town ?	the curry prince is in the east part of town and in the moderatre price range the address for the curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 what type of food do they serve ?	the curry prince serve s indian food may i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	your welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find the anatolia restaurant please	i have that place here the adress is 30 bridge street city centre postcode cb21uj
2 what is the price range ?	it is in the moderate price range would you like a reservation ?
3 no i m all set thanks ! bye !	have a wonderful day

#hotel#
1 would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi ?	i certainly can do you have additional preferences ?
2 i m looking for a guesthouse and i misspoke earlier i actually don t care about the internet but i do need free parking	i have 21 guest houses can you tell me what area you would like to be in ?
3 the area doesn t matter	ok the acorn guest house is in the north part of town in the moderate price range would that work ?
4 yes i would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on wednesday	sorry it was unavailable at that time perhaps you might want another day or a shorter stay ?
5 can you get it for 2 nights ?	the reservation for 2 nights was successful your reference number is uksvud20 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 that s all thank you	you re welcome ! enjoy your stay ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town	i have 5 results matching your request are you looking for a particular type of food to eat ?
2 i want indian please	sure i have the taj tandoori in that price range would you like a telephone number or a booking ?
3 that would be great ! could i also receive the address and post code with that ?	taj tandoori is located at 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton postcode cb17aa the phone number is 01223412299 did you want to make a reservation ?
4 no thanks i ll take care of that i m all set today - thanks for your help !	thank you for using our system

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking	i have 5 hotels that meet that criteria what area of the city would you like to stay in ?
2 i think i would like it near the centre does it have free parking ? i would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 3 star hotel	i have a listing for gonville hotel but it is expensive i have looked in other areas and the cheapest are moderate
3 what hotels are available in the moderate price range ?	i m sorry there are no hotel that are moderate in the centre of the city would you like a different part of town ?
4 no are there any guest houses in that range ?	i m afraid not perhaps a different star rating ?
5 i m sorry could you just find me one with free parking a 3 star moderate i don t care where it is located	there are 3 including bridge guest house
6 ok can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on sunday ?	booking was unsuccessful want to find another hotel ?
7 please book a different hotel in the same price range	do you care whether it is in the same area or not ?
8 no the area is not important just the same price range if you can find anything	i have you booked at hamilton lodge the reference number is tgsva9oc is there anything else i can help you with ?
9 no that s all i needed have a nice day	enjoy your stay at the hamilton lodge have a great day

#restaurant#
1 where can i find portuguese food ?	i found two portuguese restaurants would you prefer the south or centre part of town ?
2 any area	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town
3 what is the address ?	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thank you	thank you

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse	i have 18 results what price range would you like ?
2 money is no object but i d like it to be a 4 star location please and i d only like to stay on the north side of town	i have about 8 different options most are moderately priced there is one that is cheap do you have a preference as to which ?
3 i need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this thursday	i m afraid that wont work can we try a different day or shorter length of stay ?
4 yeah how about for one day ? please get me the reference number if that works	which hotel would you like of the available choices ?
5 whatever is available but i would prefer a guesthouse with free parking	arbury lodge guesthouse is able to accommodate your party of 7 for thursday night your reference number is 7plmhrex is there anything else you need ?
6 no that about covers everything thanks for your help	excellent take care !

#train#
1 i need a train from stansted airport to cambridge please	there are 133 trains that make that trip do you have a day and time ?
2 yes i need to leave on sunday and arrive by 17:15	i have train tr7744 that leaves the airport at 16:24 and will get you there by 16:52 would you like me to book you a ticket ?
3 how much is the ticket ?	the tickets are 8.08 pounds per ticket would you like to book the train ?
4 not at the moment thank you	can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need right now thank you !	you re welcome have a wonderful day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap asian oriental restaurant	great ! there are 2 cheap asian oriental restaurants in the city centre would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them ?
2 yes i need a reservation for 2 people saturday night at 6:00pm	i am sorry but there is not a table available at that time would you like to try a different restaurant ?
3 i m sorry i was actually looking for a reservation for monday at 6:15 are there any tables available at that time ?	i have you at j restaurant 16:15 reference number is : enozr5ha anything else ?
4 great thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 yes i actually need a table for 6 people not 2 @ 18:15 on monday	okay i have amended that reservation and your reference number is nmjit3av
6 thank you so much and i apologize for the confusion on my part that is all i need for now bye	okay no worries enjoy your dinner !

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse ?	yes there are 15 places that are moderately priced guesthouses is there a certain area of town that you prefer ?
2 i d prefer something in the center of town that has free wifi	i apologize but we don t have anything that fits your criteria would you like to change the area or try a hotel ?
3 oh that s a bummer ok how about trying in the north ?	of course ! i have 8 options: 7 of which have 4 stars and 1 has 3 stars would you like more information ?
4 the stars don t matter please book one for 3 people for 5 nights starting sunday	that booking was unsuccessful will any other length of stay or starting day be possible ?
5 let s try to start on monday	i m sorry but there s nothing available starting on monday
6 i actually would like it to be on sunday for 2 nights	i have reserved 2 nights for 3 people starting on sunday at the acorn guest house which is in the north of the city is moderately priced and has internet reference k0riyu4z
7 thank you for all your help good bye	goodbye have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	what kind of food do you want ? italian or modern european ?
2 i do not care	there are two restaurants: pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum
3 is there anything else available ?	no there are only 2 restaurants in the area is there anything else i can help with ?
4 give me the address and postcode of any of them please	the phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
6 that s great thank you so much	you re very welcome

#restaurant#
1 hi i want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town	there are two indian restaurants and one italian restaurant which food type would you prefer ?
2 one that serves italian food	that would be the pizza hut fen ditton at cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton would you like a reservation ?
3 yes any one of them would be find a table for 4 at 13:30 on tuesday please	it is not open then perhaps another day place or time ?
4 no i really need it for that time and area maybe the indian restaurant if it is in the same price range ?	yes i was able to book a table for 4 at curry prince for tuesday at 13:30 reference number is 34fphm6m is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that should be all	thank you for using our system today !

#attraction#
1 i am looking for sports facilities in the town centre	i m sorry there are no sports in the centre would you like me to look for something else ?
2 what about colleges ?	there are 13 colleges in centre are you look for free entrance or paid ?
3 please tell me one of the free ones please	emmanuel college is free and located in the centre
4 ok great i ll look that up that is all i need for now thanks and bye	you are welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food i don t care about the price range	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes what is their address and phone number ?	its address is 17 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362456
3 thank you !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi there can you tell me if you have any information on the bridge guest house ?	yes it is on the south side of town in the moderate price range do you need more information ?
2 yes can i get the hotel type and phone number ?	certainly it s a guest house the phone number is 01223247942
3 that is all i needed thank you !	okay let us know if you need further assistance

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west	there are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
2 i would like to eat european food please	there is one option it s cambridge lodge restaurant do you want to book a table ?
3 i m not ready to book yet can you just give me the phone number postcode and address ?	sure the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postcode cb30dq
4 thank you so much that is all i needed for now	you are welcome have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town	i was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements
2 how about something in the south and moderate price range ?	i m still not finding anything would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type ?
3 sure let s try chinese food	there are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: charlie chan rice house or golden house would you like me to book any of these ?
4 i ll take rice house what s the postcode ?	it s cb12bd anything else i can get you ?
5 that s all thank you	you re welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 yes i need help finding a place to go ?	is there a specific type or area you had in mind ?
2 the area doesn t matter but i would like to find a swimming pool	kings hedges learner pool is located in the north at jedburgh court kings hedges
3 could you tell me the postcode as well at the entrance fee please ?	the postcode is cb42xh and i don t have access to their entrance fee is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 no that was all thank you !	happy to help have a great day

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 thanks will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on monday there ?	i ve made your reservation for 4 on monday at 16:00 your reference number is pcu46v3w can i help with anything else ?
3 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services

#hotel#
1 can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range ?	there are 18 hotels in the moderate price range are you looking for free parking or free wifi ?
2 i don t need internet are any of them 3 stars ?	no none of them are 3 stars or 4 stars,i have a few that are 2 stars would they be okay ?
3 if that s all that is available that s fine i need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting thursday please book one for me	great ! i have booked you at lovell lodge with reference number 6yi7enac may i help with anything else ?
4 no that is all i need thanks for your help	have a good day thank you for using our service
5 thank you ! have a great day !	you are welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant that meets your criteria would you like their location ?
2 west part of town	meghna is located in the west part of town
3 can you please let me know the address ?	the address is 205 victoria road chesterton
4 are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town ? can i get the address for another one ?	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town it is located at 21-24 northampton road
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#attraction#
1 i m looking for an entertainment spot in town	we have choices in the south east and west do you have a preference for any location ?
2 no just tell me one you think is nice	try the nusha it is in the south their phone number is 01223902158
3 may i also get the postcode the address and the entrance fee ?	the address and postcode for nusha are unit g6 cambridge leisure park clifton road cb17dy there is no entrance fee information available
4 great ! thank you very much	glad i could help do you need anymore assistance ?
5 no that is all for today thank you	thanks for using our service today goodbye !

#hotel#
1 howdy ! is the city centre north b and b still in business ?	i am sorry i have no listing for that hotel can i help you with any other information ?
2 i was hoping to book the city centre north b and b for a 4 night stay starting tuesday could you please check again ?	yes i can find it how many people will be staying ?
3 it will be 5 people and 4 nights	i m sorry that wasn t available can i reserve a different hotel ?
4 yes same price range please	ok i got you a booking at the worth house it s a 4 star guesthouse also in the northend your reference number is: dvty60kz can i do anything else for you ?
5 okay thank you that is all i need	great have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i d like to find an expensive indian restaurant to dine at	curry garden is an indian restaurant in the expensive price range
2 is curry garden in the centre ?	yes it is would you like me to make a reservation for you there ?
3 i m not looking for a reservation at the moment can i just get the phone number postcode and address ? thanks !	certainly the phone number for curry garden is 01223302330 the postcode is cb21dp and the address is 106 regent street city centre may i assist you with anything else today ?
4 no that s all i need thanks for your help	thank you for using this system !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it ?	sure ! their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road and their phone number is 01223400170
2 please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday	i am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked do you want to try another restaurant ?
3 is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range ?	i m sorry that s the only restaurant in that price range

#train#
1 hello ! i d like a train to leicester please i want to arrive by 9:30	what day would you be leaving ?
2 i need to leave cambridge on tuesday	the tr2863 leaves cambridge at 07:21 and arrives in leicester at 09:06 costs 37.80 pounds and has a travel length of 105 minutes shall i book it for you ?
3 no i just needed the information thank you	ok have a safe trip
4 thank you for your assistance	your very welcome have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town please	the only cheap restaurant in the east part of tow is the missing sock
2 address and phone number please	the address for the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and the phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you good bye	thank you for calling goodbye
4 thanks so much bye bye	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town do you prefer italian or indian food ?
2 i do not have a preference	the two restaurants are da vinci pizzeria and royal spice
3 da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north part of town	do you need the address ?
4 of course !	it is at 20 milton road chesterton do you need any other information
5 no thank you that is all	ok thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 are there any expensive places to eat in the east ?	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range in the east part of town
2 i was really looking for a kosher cuisine ? is that available there ? if so can you book a table for four ?	there are no restaurants in the east that serve kosher food would you like me to search another area ?
3 are there any restaurants that serve indian food ?	i can book you a table for 4 at the pipasha restaurant

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay that has free wifi please	there are 32 available hotels with free wifi do you have any other requirements ?
2 do you have a one in the centre that is a 3 star ?	the gonville hotel meets this criteria would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 is it a guesthouse ?	no it is not there aren t any three star guesthouses in the centre of town would you be open to a different star rating ?
4 are there any guesthouses in the west ?	hobsons house is in the west.would you like me to book it for you ?

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a cheap hotel in the north	i would recommend the worth house on chesterton road would you like the number ?
2 does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating i need wifi and i d like a nice rating	i have a listing for worth house that fits what you are looking for,can i make a booking for you ?
3 is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on thursday ?	i have you booked for thursday at the worth house for 5 nights with 5 people !
4 great what is the reference number ?	my mistake booking was actually unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel ?
5 is there another hotel in the same general price range ?	with all other parameters the same unfortunately not want to try different parameters ?
6 any hotel in the north cheap nothing else matters	city centre north b and b.reference number is : b2h3yyf4 will you need anything else ?
7 that is all thank you	great glad i could be of help enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town	i am sorry i could not find any cuban restaurants for you in the north part of town is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead ?
2 i still want the north part of town but look for asian oriental food instead please	saigon city is located in the north part of town and serves asian oriental food would you like their address ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number please	the phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton would you like anything else ?
4 no that does it thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using this system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant	there are five european restaurants which area would you like to dine in ?
2 the area doesn t matter can you make a recommendation please ?	i would recommend eraina it is at free school lane city centre
3 great can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on monday ?	unfortunately eraina is not available at that time would you like to try the city stop restaurant ?
4 sure that would work	please book another day or time slot the place could be full
5 how about 17:00 ?	booking was successful your reference number is kanpywac
6 thanks that is all i need today	the address for the restaurant is cambridge city football club milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270 you will fond the restaurant in the north area of town

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately	there are four restaurants that meet that criteria one in the north one in the west and two in the east which area would you prefer ?
2 one in the east please	we have curry prince and rajmahal would you like to book a table at either one of those ?
3 yes i would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on thursday	booking was successful at rajmahal your reference number is z1827ckb is there anything else i can assist with ?
4 no thank you	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle	i have found the copper kettle lcoated at 4 kings parade would you like to make a reservation ?
2 yes i would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different time of place ?
3 can you find me another place in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book you at the oak bistro reference number k4quy32n is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all thank you	okay enjoy your dinner

#restaurant#
1 what is good in the south part of town	what type of food are you interested in ?
2 i don t care what type of food it is	there are nine restaurants in the south area is there a price range you would like in particular ?
3 yes under $25.00 per entree	would you like the cheap moderate or expensive price range ?
4 cheap please	there are two available in the south: nandos which serves portuguese and the lucky star which serves chinese do you have a preference ?

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town	i recommend golden wok it is in the north part of town with a moderate price range
2 yes i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	i recommend golden wok it is in the north part of town with a moderate price range
3 i don t want golden wok is there anything else ?	yes your other option is the nirala it serves indian food and is also located in the north part of town
4 okay what is their phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	thank you enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina	eraina is an expensive european restaurant in the centre of the city would you like me to book a reservation for you ?
2 yes for 8 people at 12:30 on monday please	i m sorry i wasn t able to get that reservation would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time ?	i ve booked you in at fitzbillies restaurant it is in the same area and price range as eraina the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : ogrygi2n
4 thank you for all the help you have been you have a good day	i m glad we could help thank you !

#attraction#
1 i am trying to find a really neat museum to visit would you be able to tell me whats available out there ?	we have many interesting museums such as the cambridge artworks cambridge museum of technology and the whipple museum of the history of science anything in particular strike your fancy ?
2 are any of them in the centre ?	actually i have 11 of them in the centre area might i suggest the broughton house gallery it has free entrance and is located at 98 king street
3 that would be perfect can i get the phone number please ?	yes their phone number is 01223314960 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no not today thanks goodbye	enjoy your visit thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are five expensive restaurants in that area do you have a preference for price range or type of food ?
2 any type of food is fine	there is an expensive mexican restraunt in the south area of town called chiquito restaurant bar is that fine ?
3 is there anything else ?	frankie and bennys serves italian food and is located in the south part of town would you like more information for them ?
4 i need the address	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye
6 good bye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town ?	we have several options will you be needing parking or internet ?
2 i need to have free wifi	i have 4 gueshouses all located in the south may i book a room for you ?
3 yes that is fine	when would you like to go and what size party will you have ?
4 4 people starting tuesday 5 nights	booking was unsuccessful want to find another hotel ?
5 as long as it s in the same price range can you give me the reference number too please ?	booking was successful at the aylesbray lodge guest house the reference number is 8lnx4eqo
6 thank you that s everything	you re welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 is there a restaurant in the centre ?	there are several restaurants located in the centre which kind of food do you prefer ?
2 i would like one serving korean food possible	little seoul serves korean food in the city s centre it is expensive but very classy would you like to know more about it ?
3 can i get the address and phone number ?	little seoul s address is 108 regent street city centre their phone number is 01223 308681
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for something serving christmas food	there are no restaurants serving christmas food
2 how about a moderately priced chinese restaurant ?	yes there is one called golden wok in the north part of town do you want this one ?
3 ok what s the phone number ?	golden wok s number is 01223 350688
4 is there anything else ?	that s all enjoy your meal
5 thanks ! you too !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food	the royal standard is located at 290 mill road city
2 what is the phone number ?	you can reach them at 01223 247877
3 thank you very much bye	you re welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town	there are results matching your query would you like mexican italian chinese or indian ?
2 let s go with italian food	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian eatery in the south part of town would you like any additional information about this restaurant ?
3 address and phone number	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the phone number is 01223 412430
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#attraction#
1 hello can you help me find a museum ?	is there a certain area you re interested in ? we have lots of museums in town
2 can you choose the one you like the best and tell me the postcode phone number and address ?	i would suggest the broughton house gallery in the centre of town their address is 98 king street the post code cb11in and the phone is 01223314960 it is free
3 thank you that is all i need for today goodbye	okay glad i could help have a great time goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern european food	i can recommend the michaelhouse cafe would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 yes i would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday	i m sorry but there aren t any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time would you like to try a different restaurant ?
3 yes please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range	michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and the only option available

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a particular restaurant named bedouin can you help ?	yes bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre
2 can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on wednesday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : n332o6jk
3 great thank you so much that ll be all for today bye !	thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for a college can you help me ?	there are 18 colleges in the city are you looking for one in particular ?
2 do you have any in the centre ?	there are 5 located in the centre would you prefer one that is free ?
3 sure ! which one do you recommend ?	i love downing college over on regent street
4 what is the phone number and postcode for that one ?	the postcode is cb21dq and they can be reached at 01223334860 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 could i get the complete address please ?	sure the complete address for downing college is regent street post code cb21dq may i assist with anything else ?
6 no you have helped me thank you !	great i hope you enjoy your visit call us back if you need further assistance goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food	la raza is a spanish restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is located in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 what is the address ?	the address for la raza is 4 - 6 rose crescent would you like their phone number ?
3 no thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a museum to visit !	do you have a preference for which area of town ?
2 i don t care which part of town it s in i don t mind doing some walking	how about broughton house gallery ? it s located in the centre at 98 king street
3 that sounds interesting ! what is the post code ?	the postcode for broughton house gallery is cb11ln is there anything else you need ?
4 that ll be all thank you !	have a great trip !

#restaurant#
1 i want portuguese food and i don t care about the price range what is the address and phone number ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the south side of town the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
2 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town please	da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaraunt in the north part of town would you like their phone number or address ?
2 is there anything else ?	city stop restaurant is in the north part of town and it is in the cheap price range
3 is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town ?	royal spice is a cheap restaurant on the north side of town would you like their address ?
4 address and phone number for royal spice yes please	the phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at victoria avenue chesterton can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that s everything thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town do you have anything in that category ?	yes i have found 3 to choose from would you prefer a moderate price or something cheap ?
2 moderate please and make sure they have free parking	how about the bridge guesthouse that is in the moderate price range ?
3 do they have free parking ? and do you know if they have a star rating ?	yes they have free parking and it has a 3 star rating would you care to book a room at bridge guest house ?
4 not right now i d just like their phone number please	that number is 01223247942
5 great thanks for all your help bye !	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should depart from cambridge and should go to broxbourne	what day are you traveling ?
2 i m traveling on tuesday and i want to arrive by 16:15	tr6357 leaves at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01 would you like me to book a ticket for you ?
3 no but i do need the price	alright the price for tr 6357 is 17.90 pounds anything else ?
4 nope that s all i needed thanks !	i hope you have a wonderful day - goodbye !

#train#
1 i need a train from broxbourne on tuesday	i can definitely take care of that for you where are you heading to ?
2 travelling to cambridge i need to arrive by 14:45	we have 9 such trips any preference on leaving ?
3 no but i need two tickets	tr4537 has been booked for you lt leaves at 07:32 and arrives at 08:32 the reference number is 8umhy366
4 great that s all i need thanks	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi there i am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town	sure we have quite a few do you have a price range or area in mind ?
2 yes i am looking for something moderately priced	okay and do you prefer a certain area of town ? there are four in the centre and one in the west
3 yes the one in the west please	the one in the west is saint johns chop house its located at 21-24 northampton street can i make a reservation for you ?
4 yes i would really appreciate that can you get me a table for 5 on sunday at 16:45 ?	i m afraid they re fully booked for 16:45 sunday perhaps a different time or day ?
5 is there anything an hour earlier or an hour later on that same day ?	no unfortunately both an hour earlier and an hour later they re booked
6 let s try a different restaurant	what is available in the centre area at 16:45 for a party of 5 ?
7 sure when you find something make the booking and give me the reference number	i have you booked at a british place in the center of town restaurant one seven reference code 5k83e181
8 thank you that is all i need bye	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 what is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town ?	there is the missing sock they serve international food on the east side and are cheap their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is c.b 25 9 aq
2 thanks so much !	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no thank you	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information on the kirkwood house	kirkwood house is a guesthouse located at 172 chesterton rd on the north side of town phone number is 01223306283 with free parking and wifi is there anything else ?
2 yes please what is the price range ?	it is moderate can i help further today ?
3 no that was it thank you for the help	okay have a great day goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i need a hotel with wifi please	huntingdon marriott hotel has a high rating and wifi
2 what is the price range for this hotel ?	there are two moderate and three expensive price ranges.which range do you prefer ?

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a place to stay ? i m looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking	i found 5 hotels with free internet and parking what area are you looking ?
2 area doesn t matter but i would like a cheap guesthouse if possible	the city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north area in the cheap range with parking and wifi would you care to book a room ?
3 could i get the hotel s phone number and postcode please ?	yes city centre b&b has a postal code of cb43ht they can be reached at 01223312843 may i assist with anything else ?
4 no you helped me out thanks goodbye	enjoy your stay ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i need your help in finding a particular restaurant i don t know much about the restaurant unfortunately i don t even know the food served i do know the name: cafe uno	caffe uno is an italian restaurant at 32 bridge street
2 that s it i want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on saturday	i m sorry it doesn t look like they have anything available would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 yes try the same area and price range	how about asian cuisine ? it is an expensive restaurant located at 52 mill road in centre

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area can you locate one for me please ?	there are 3 results for restaurants in the west that serve british food do you prefer moderately priced or expensive ?
2 i would like to get information about moderately priced	i have st johns chop house within the moderate price range can i book it for you ?
3 can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on sunday ?	sorry but there is not space for 5 people can i search a restaurant in the north ?
4 i need something else in the west moderate priced	okay i booked you into an indian restaurant that is moderately priced called prezzo and your reference number is tmt76mhk
5 thank you ! that s all i need from you today	okay do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should arrive by 14:45 and should leave on saturday	and what are your departure and arrival stations ?
2 i would like to leave cambridge and go to london liver pool	there are 5 trains running on saturday that will meet your needs would you care to book tickets for one ?
3 i actually just need to know the price of a ticket please	the price of one ticket is 13.28 pounds may i assist further in any way ?
4 no thanks that was all i was hoping to find out ! have a good day !	okay great i hope you have a nice day too !

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for some entertainment	we ve got plenty of attractions all around the city is there a particular area you were looking at ?
2 nothing in particular what do you recommend ?	i recommend nusha in the south
3 awesome could you please give me their phone number ?	sure their phone number is 01223902158 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no i think that s it for today thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a place to stay in town i d like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating please	ashley hotel is in the north part of town and has a 2 star rating and parking
2 is it a hotel or guesthouse ?	the ashley is a hotel it s on the north end of town would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking ?
3 that s fine can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting from thursday ?	sure ! your reference number is vepgflta anything else ?
4 no thank you i appreciate all your help	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the east !	as far as cheaper restaurants i only have one available that s located in the east it s called the missing sock and serves international food would you like more information ?
2 that sounds good please give me more information	sure the missing sock is in the east serves cheap food would you like to book a table ?
3 no but i would like the address and post code please	the missing sock is at finders corner newmarket road postcode cb259aq
4 thank you very much	is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant on the south part of town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 i do not have a preference	do you have any preference on the cost ?
3 i would like something in the cheap price range please	there is a very popular chinese restaurant in the south part of town called the lucky star it is in the cheap price range
4 can i have the address and phone number please ?	their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i be of any further assistance ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range	do you have a preference on area ?
2 it should be in the west part of town	do you have a preference on food type ? there are three restaurants with the following food types: indian italian and british
3 british sounds good what s it called ?	saint johns chop house serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range would you like their location ?
4 yes i would like the address and phone number	saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 northampton street
5 perfect thank you very much	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre	i have 5 that serve chinese food how about charlie chan ? it s priced pretty cheap
2 yes that sounds good could you book it for me on saturday at 18:00	how many people are you booking for ?
3 there are six of us	i m so sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant instead ?
4 yes another chinese restaurant for six people	i was able to get you a table for six at rice house the reference number is wy1lh16e can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thank you	ok i hope you enjoy your meal have a nice day bye

#restaurant#
1 i need an indian restaurant in the centre	curry garden has good reviews and serves indian food in the centre of town
2 i would like it to be in the expensive range of food is that place expensive ?	yes it s expensive would that work for you ?
3 could you give me the phone number and postcode ?	their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is cb21dp
4 great thank you ! that is all i need	glad to be of assistance have a great day bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves irish food and is in the expensive price range	there is not a restaurant serving irish food in the expensive price range would you like another restaurant ?
2 is there an expensive korean restaurant ?	yes little seoul is a korean restaurant in the expensive price range
3 great ! can you give me the address and area of little seoul ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre may i help you with anything else today ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 what restaurants are on the east part of town ?	there are several restaurants in the east part of town would you like something in the moderate cheap or expensive price range ?
2 expensive	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food it is on the east side of town and it is in the expensive price range would you like the phone number ?
3 what is the address ?	grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton
4 great thanks for your help that s all i need	goodbye

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse ?	the bridge guest house is 3 stars and located in the south would you like me to book it ?
2 it should be in the north not south	i am sorry about that,i have 2 in the north alpha-milton guest house,and hamilton lodge would you like a booking at either of them ?
3 either one could you make a booking for 5 people starting wednesday for 4 nights	ok i have made you a booking at the alpha-milton guest house for 4 nights starting wednesday for 5 people
4 great can you give me a reference number please ?	sorry the system must have glitched i wasn t able to get you that booking but i got you a room at hamilton lodge your reference number is: 24frowco
5 okay great that is all i need need thank you	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a guesthouse that offers free wifi ?	i sure can there are 23 guesthouse with free wifi would you prefer a certain part of town ?
2 i d love something in the east hopefully with free parking	okay there are 5 options do you have a price range in mind ?
3 i would like to stay in a hotel not a guesthouse	sounds like you are looking for express by holiday inn cambridge can i reserve a room for you ?
4 yes please book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday i will also need the reference number	the booking was successful and reference number is zdg5kj7s is there anything else i can assist with ?
5 no that is all for now thank you !	you re welcome and enjoy your visit

#restaurant#
1 i want some welsh food moderately priced please	i m sorry i do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
2 i d like a chinese restaurant instead then	there are several chinese restaurants in the moderate price range would you prefer the north or centre of town ?
3 i don t care	golden wok is located in the north part of town would you like their address and phone number ?
4 i would like their phone number please	golden wok s phone number is 01223 350688
5 is there any thing else i can help you with ?	i appreciate the offer but it is my job to help you is there anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and good bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guest house that offers free parking	i have located several guesthouses with free parking can you tell me the area you would like to stay in and the price range ? that would help narrow our search
2 sure i would like it to be in the south and in the expensive price range	i m sorry there are no matched in the south in that price range the south only has moderate and cheap
3 i will take a moderate guest house with parking then	i would like to recommend aylesbray lodge guest house,would that be alright with you ?
4 yes five people four nights starting from monday on	that wasn t available but i booked you at the bridge guest house it has everything you were looking for the reference number is 1amm7m53
5 thank you that is all	okay enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town could i get the address and phone number please ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town that is cheap would you like their address and phone number ?
2 yes please	thank you

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the north side of the city please	there are several that fit the bill i could recommend limehouse would you like me to help you book there or are there other factors you d like to consider ?
2 as long as there is available parking i d like to book my reservation there please	i can book you at the limehouse when would you like the reservation ?
3 can i get it starting monday for 3 nights with 6 people please	booking was unsuccessful would you like something else ?

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	royal standard is a gastropub located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range
2 what is the address ?	the royal standard is locdated at 290 mill road city centre how else may i assist you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a restaurant the restaurant should be expensive in price only the finest in food also i d like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town	i have many listings that fit,can i find out exactly what type of food you are looking for ?
2 i need for the restaurant to serve chinese food	how about the tang chinese ? i would recommend it can i make a reservation for you ?
3 that sounds great ! i need a table for monday at 12:15 for 8 people	so it is not avaible then shall i try another place to dine ?
4 yes please do ! a different restaurant in the same area and price range	booked at hk fusion reference number: o00ttios table will be held for 15 minutes
5 thank you and goodbye	thank you for calling have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
2 can you give me their address and phone number ?	the phone number for restaurant alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 hills road anything else i can help you find today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay are there any guesthouses that are moderately priced ?	oh yes i have about 15 different options for you is there an area of town you prefer to stay in ?
2 no i really don t care what area but i would like it to have a 4 star rating	i have several 4-star guesthouses might i suggest the warkworth house it s located in the east and offers both free wifi and parking
3 that sounds perfect so long as it has free parking	it certainly does would you like to make a reservation ?
4 yes i ll need it for 4 people starting on saturday we ll be there for 5 nights	i m sorry the warkworth is unavailable for your dates perhaps you are flexible with your dates ?
5 well is it available for at least 4 nights ?	i m sorry four nights isn t possible either
6 actually i misspoke i need the room for 5 people for 5 nights starting saturday if that doesn t work 4 nights is fine	your reservation for 5 people has been made for a 4 day stay at warkworth house arriving saturday your reference number is 6df5q5qj is there anything else i can do ?
7 no that s it thank you very much	no problem at all have a great day

#restaurant#
1 hi i am hoping you can help me find a cheap indian restaurant	sure i have 4 cheap indian restaurants kohinoor royal spice the gandhi and mahal of cambridge would you like to book one of these ?
2 the mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions let s book a table for two at the royal spice	of course when would you like to dine ?
3 actually i don t need a reservation right now but could you give me the address and phone number for the royal spice ?	the royal spice is at victoria avenue chesterton their phone number is 01733553355 can i help you with anything else ?
4 that s all thank you for your help	your welcome ! have a great day !
5 thanks again goodbye	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 good morning would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel ?	absolutely ? what was the name of the hotel and i can get that information for you
2 the hotel is the lovell lodge i need to make a reservation if you can find it	i have it here it s moderately priced and is in the north they offer free wifi and parking can you tell me how many to book for and how long ?
3 yes i d like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday	your reservation is all set your reference number is j6j0aacj
4 thank you ! that s all i needed	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#train#
1 i need a train for saturday at 13:00 and i will be traveling from cambridge to london kings cross please book it for 7 people	you are all booked for the tr4003 train price is 132.16 gbp reference number b02eelpu is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes my apologies but can you confirm that the tr4003 train leaves after 13:00 ?	it leaves right at 13:00 if you d like to leave later the next train departs at 15:00
3 the 13:00 train is perfect please book 7 tickets thanks	it has been booked and your reference number is: b02eelpu is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 no that is all thank you for the help	okay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i need a moderate priced restaurant please	there are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria is there a part of the city you would prefer ?
2 i would like an italian restaurant in the south	i ve found one restaurant it is pizza hut cherry hinton would you like for me to book it for you ?
3 yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on wednesday ?	i cannot complete this booking would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 that s disappointing is there anything else moderately priced in that area ?	yes i also have the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food would that work for you ?
5 sure as long as it s in the south can you give me the reference number once booked ?	i have reservations booked for 19:15 on wednesday for 6 ppeople the reference number is pjmaug2e is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that will take care of it thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#train#
1 am looking for a train the train should arrive by 18:00 and should go to stevenage	can you provide me with your departure site ?
2 i am departing from cambridge on tuesday	there are many options available is there a certain time you would like to leave ?
3 what one gets me there before but closest to 18:00 ?	train tr5343 arrives at 16:10 it is the closest to your required arrival time would you like to reserve any tickets today ?
4 no i have decided not to book today thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i need some caribbean food in the south part of town	unfortunately no caribbean restaurants can be found in the south of town can i help you with something else ?
2 is there an italian restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants serving italian food in the south of town what price range would you like ?
3 i don t care	pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food on the south part of town would you like their phone number ?
4 yes please	the phone number is 01223 323737
5 may i also get the postcode of the restaurant ?	the post code is c.b 1 7 d.y is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that will be all thank you very much !	thank you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food !	what area are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	the bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
3 what is their address and phone number ?	bloomsbury restaurant is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180 may i help you with anything else ?
4 is bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range ?	yes bloomsbury restaurant is in the moderate price range
5 can i get the postcode ?	bloomsbury restaurant has the c.b 2 3 d.t postcode
6 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for bloomsbury restaurant is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and the phone number is 0871 942 9180 can i help you with anything else ?
7 that is all thank you	you re welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it serves european food
2 thank you can i have the address please ?	yes their address is 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 thank you i would like their price range and phone number as well please	cambridge lodge restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
5 goodbye	enjoy your dining experience

#restaurant#
1 i d love to find an asian oriental restaurant something moderately priced	may i recommend yippee noodle bar located at 40428 king street in the centre of town ?
2 that s perfect thank you !	is that all ? would you like be to book ? anything else you need ?
3 yes please book it for 3 people on sunday at 14:45 please	i apologize but there were no openings for that time would you like to try another day or time ?
4 yes could you try 13:45 ?	your booking was successful they will reserve your table for 15 minutes and your reference number is q9j4799i can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no thank you have a good rest of your day	you as well enjoy your meal

#hotel#
1 i want to find some information about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast	alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the centre of town
2 do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a french restaurant	there are two french restaurants listed do you have a preference of area ? centre or north part of town ?
2 i don t care	cote is a french restaurant in the centre part of town and it is in the expensive price range is that price range okay for you ?
3 are there any other french places available ?	restaurant two two is a nice place that serves french food in the expensive price range and is in the north part of town
4 that sounds great ! may i have their address and postcode please ?	restaurant two two s address is 22 chesterton road chesterton their postcode is c.b 4 3 a.x
5 please give me the address and postcode	cote is located at bridge street city centre and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf may i help you with anything else ?
6 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern european food	i have at least three choices would you like a recommendation ?
2 i d like a restaurant on the south end of town please	how does restaurant alimentum sound ? they are on the south side of town
3 that sounds good can i book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on wednesday ?	your reservation at restaurant alimentum has been made for 12:30 on wednesday and your reference number is x08rcbwh is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is all i need thank you for your help !	i m glad we could help and enjoy your luncheon at alimentum have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 where a a restaurant on the east part f town ?	what type of food would you like ?
2 it doesn t matter	the royal standard is located in city centre
3 are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town ?	there are a few restaurants in the east part of town are you looking for a certain price range ?

#restaurant#
1 i need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food can you help me ?	i am sorry i do not have any cheaply priced british restaurants in the city would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range ?
2 do you have any asian oriental restaurants in the same price range ?	yes i found 2 cheap asian oriental places to eat the dojo noodle bar and j restaurant would you like me to book a table for you ?
3 yes please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on wednesday	i couldn t get you a table at dojo i can get you one at j restaurant if you want ?
4 that works same parameters please i need the reference number too	booked ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number: f10eigq3
5 great thank you for all your help	do you need anything else ?
6 that was all thank you	okay great thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner

#hotel#
1 hi ! are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking ?	yes indeed we have more than 20 do you have any additional preferences ?
2 i would like something cheap and a 4-star rated guesthouse would be better	how about the alexander bed and breakfast ? it s got a 4 star rating and is cheap
3 can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 5 nights ?	yes i made a reservation for you at the alexander for 6 people 5 nights starting sunday the reference number is y7x3uyy5 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is all thank you !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a swedish restaurant preferably in the expensive price range	i am sorry there are no swedish restaurants in this city is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find ?
2 mediterranean food	there are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food what price range are you looking for ?
3 i prefer the expensive price range	la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at thompsons lane fen ditton
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome thank you for using this system goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need to make a reservation at a hotel called el shaddai	sure could you tell me when you what day you would like to book your stay at the el shaddai at 41 warkworth street ?
2 just gathering information about the hotel first could you tell me what area of the city they re in the price and if they have internet connectivity ?	sure ! they re in the centre area they re cheap and offer internet connectivity
3 great i would like to book that hotel please	from what day do you want to book ?
4 actually i think i ll travel there myself thank you	is there anything else i can do for you today then ?
5 that s all thank you so much	okay do give us a call back if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food	what area of town are you looking for ?
2 any area of town would be fine	there are no restaurants serving vegetarian food
3 how about european food ?	would you prefer european or modern european food ?
4 european please	there are ten results do you have a price range preference ?
5 no i do not	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and is the expensive price range
6 can i have the address and phone number ?	the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre postcode c.b 3 0 d.q phone is 01223 355166
7 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a british restaurant that is moderately priced	there are a few of them would you prefer the centre of town or the west area ?
2 how about the center ?	there are a few restaurants that will meet your needs i suggest the copper kettle at 4 kings parade city centre
3 please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on friday at the copper kettle	i was able to book a table for you at 14:15 at the copper kettle your reference number is 3ed8cqbu is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 that is all thank you very much !	you re welcome have a good day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	i would suggest you try the chiquito restaurant bar
2 what type of food do they serve and may i have their address ?	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food and located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton would you like anything else ?
3 that is all thank you	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre part of town
2 what is the address and phone number ?	ali baba is located at 59 hills road city centre and the phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you good bye	you re very welcome have a good night

#hotel#
1 i need to stay in the north 0 stars	i have found a guestgouse with a cheap price range would you like me to book it ?
2 actually i would prefer a moderate hotel	i have the archway house that is 4 stars and is located in the north would you like me to try to book that ?
3 i m sorry i misspoke a moment ago i need a hotel in the cheap range if you can find one	the city centre north b&b is a cheap 0-star guesthouse in the north would you like me to try booking a room there ?
4 yes please i need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning friday	unfortunately i could not book that for you would you like to try another hotel ?
5 yes please find another hotel	i was able to book you for the worth house which meets all of your criteria your reference number is rjumppnc
6 thank you for your help that is everything that i need	thank you for using our service today

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend a restaurant to me in the south part of town ? i don t want to spend a lot of money	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter to me	two results with cheap price range in the south area of town one is nandos which is portuguese food the other is the lucky star which is chinese food
3 is there anything else ?	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the south side of town
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number of the lucky star is 01223 244277
5 that will be good thank you !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant can you help me with that ?	sure i can help you with that there are 14 choices did you have a certain area in mind ?
2 i need the town centre	i have 6 different indian food restaurants available might i suggest curry queen it is the most highly rated in the area
3 certainly sounds good could you just get me the address and postcode ?	the curry queen is located at 5 jordans yard bridge street city centre and the postcode is cb21ug would you like me to book this restaurant ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed !	thank you and please check with us for future reservations

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information about the kirkwood hotel	great ! what would you like to know about it ?
2 do they have internet and also what is the postcode ?	yes they have free wifi and their postcode is cb42da would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 no that is all good bye	okay goodbye have a nice day

#attraction#
1 are there places in town centre of architectural interest ?	there are many churches and old schools in town what would you like to see ?
2 surprise me what are the entrance fees ?	all saints church is beautiful and better yet it s free !
3 that sounds great thanks so much for your help !	you are very welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you that s all i needed	thank you have a nice day goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi	ok were you hoping for a particular price range or part of town ?
2 i don t care about the part of town or the price range but it needs to be a three star hotel	the hamilton lodge would be perfect ! it is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the north side of town does that sound okay to you ?
3 does the the hamilton lodge have both free wifi and free parking ?	yes it does do you want to make a reservation ?
4 yes please book the hamilton lodge	what night would you like me to book for you and for how many people ?
5 wednesday 6 people for five nights please	i am sorry the hamilton is already booked would you be interested in the bridge guest house instead ? it is the same as the hamilton but is in the southern area
6 yes that will be fine	okay i was ablt to book you into there and your reference number is o4bpeoxq
7 great thanks so much for your help	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no that will be it thank you	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 expensive mediterranean restaurant please	la mimosa is an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the centre part of town would you like their location ?
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and the postcode is cb58aq
3 thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 could you recommend a local hotel with free parking ?	sure there are 8 hotels that offer free parking would you like to stay in a specific part of town or want a certain prince range ?
2 yes i would like those in the south of town in the expensive price range	i would like to recommend the lensfield hotel it is located in the south in the expensive range with free parking
3 great please book it for 5 nights starting thursday	for how many people would you like me to book that hotel ?
4 could you book it for 7 people please and what is the reference number ?	i am sorry they have no rooms available perhaps another hotel i am sorry about this
5 yes please and i need a reference number after booked please	i also have aylesbray lodge guest house in the south it s moderately priced would that work for you ?
6 i really want one in the same price range please	i got you a room at the university arms hotel your reference number is: 8ofbiii9 anything else you need today ?
7 no thank you for helping me good bye	okay glad i could be of help and enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves swiss food	i m sorry we do not have any swiss restaurants available do you want to try a different type of food ?
2 i would like to try vietnamese food	thanh binh is a good vietnamese restaurant in the cheap price range
3 what is the address ?	17 magdalene street city centre
4 ok thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant	there are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria want to try yu garden on 529 newmarket road fen ditton or a different one ?
2 actually i m looking for somewhere that s located near the centre could you recommend somewhere near there ?	the ugly duckling restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant near the center of town would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please	for how many people and at what time/day ?
4 it s for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : tzptjja5
5 great thank you so much for your help	you are welcome have a good day !

#hotel#
1 i need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse	i m sorry i wasn t able to find anything that matches your criteria do you have any other preferences ?
2 what about a 4-star place ?	i have several places that meet your criteria do you have an area you are interested in ?
3 it doesn t matter as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi i will want to book it from monday	i would recommend acorn guest house how many people will be in your party and for how many days ?
4 it is just me this trip and i ll be there for 3 nights	what day will you be arriving ?
5 i ll be arriving on monday	your room is booked under ref# 54kh70iq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 as long as i don t need anything beside the reference number thanks	alright enjoy your stay and have a great night !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a russian restaurant ?	i m sorry there are russian restaurants do you have a secondary choice ?
2 yes what about european type food ?	please wait a moment while i check for european restaurants for you
3 if you find a european restaurant i would also like the address and phone number	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223 355166 and address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town	unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north do you want to change an area to look for ?
2 how about west area ? i also want the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 newnham road newnham it there anything i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food	i m sorry there is not a restaurant serving singaporean food in the south part of town would you like to try indian food ?
2 indian food of course and what is the phone number ?	taj tandoori serves indian food on the south part of town their number is 01223 412299 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no that will be all thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system..good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town	backstreet bistro is an nice expensive one
2 can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please ?	backstreet bistro is at 2 sturton street city centre post code c.b 1 2 qa the phone number is 01223 306306
3 thank you that is all i needed to know good bye	thank you for using our system good bye
4 goodbye	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an indian restaurant i d prefer something on the west side	i have found 6 restaurants meeting your criteria rice boat is a good choice would you like me to book you a table ?
2 i m looking for something in the fine dining price range so the place should be expensive are there any that fit that criteria ?	absolutely there are a few choices how about tandoori palace on histon road ?
3 that sounds good may i have their postcode address and phone number ?	sure tandoori is located at 68 histon road chesterton in postcode cb43le their phone number is 01223506055 can i book it for you ?
4 no that s fine	ok will there be anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no i think that s everything thank you	you re welcome have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 hi can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse ?	certainly alexander bed and breakfast and rosa s bed and breakfast are two of our best kept secrets offering 4 star quality at inexpensive prices
2 alexander s b&b sounds perfect ! can i book a room there ?	what day should i start your booking and how many days do you plan on staying ? also how many people would be staying ?
3 yes please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting monday thank you !	unfortunately i was not able to make a booking for that we could try for another day or see if they have availability for a shorter stay
4 how about 3 nights ?	i was able to book you for three nights starting on monday your reference number is q8edducc is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all thank you	have a great day then !

#train#
1 hi i want to catch a train from peterborough to cambridge can you please tell me what the schedule is for the rout ?	i would be happy to help what day are you wanting to take the train ?
2 i want to arrive by 15:45 on tuesday	booking was successful the total fee is 16.5 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 3xnw24tq
3 thank you goodbye	i m sorry the schedule for tuesday shows tr0674 arriving at 15:38 in cambridge i will re-book is it one ticket you need ?

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a place to go in the centre of town	there are a lot of attractions in the centre anything in particular ?
2 i d like a nightclub please	i recommend the club salsa ? here is their phone number 07782218745
3 what is their address and the entrance fee ?	the address is 1 station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 that s all for now thank you for the information	you re welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end ?	aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa s bed and breakfast are both available
2 are either of them cheap ?	yes rosa s bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range would you like to book a room ?
3 yes please i need 3 nights starting on friday for 1	all right i ve reserved your room the reference number is th1iw110 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 okay great that is all i need	wonderful have a great day
5 you do the same !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 could you help me find an austrian restaurant please ?	i m sorry but there are no austrian restaurants is there another type that might interest you ?
2 darn i was really hoping to find a cheap austrian restaurant would you mind checking one more time ?	i m so sorry but there doesn t seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food can i look for another cuisine style for you ?
3 ok how about a cheap chinese restaurant ?	we have four cheap chinese restaurants are you interested in the south or centre area ?
4 i am interested in the centre area	the golden house is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
5 yes that would be great i d like a table for 3 on saturday at 18:30	there doesn t seem to be any availability for saturday at 18:30 does another time or day work for you ?
6 sure try 17:30	i was able to make your reservation for 17:30 your reference number is vggq2ap9 is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no that will be all	excellent have a good rest of your day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cuban food place in the east	i am sorry but there aren t any restaurants matching your criteria can i help you with something else ?
2 can you check again ? the only thing i m interested in is a moderately priced cuban restaurant in the east	i apologize i am still not showing any restaurants that meet your criteria is there another type of cuisine you would prefer ?
3 do you have a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east ?	yes i have 2 curry prince and rajmahal
4 i will try the curry prince can you book a table for 4 people on monday at 17:30 ?	i apologize booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try rajmahal
5 yes try that	i have you at rajmahal reference number is : t44kc552 anything else you need ?
6 no thank you you have been very helpful have a great day	here is the address and the phone number: 7 barnwell road fen ditton 01223244955
7 thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat i have the reference number t44kc552	enjoy your meal at the rajmahal have a great day

#attraction#
1 i would like to visit a museum	great ! what area are you looking for ?
2 any area would be fine can you recommend one for me ?	the cambridge and county folk museum is in the west area would you care for more information on it ?
3 oh yes please that sounds wonderful can you get me the address and tell me what the entrance fee is ?	sure it s located at 2-3 castle street and the fee is 3.50 pounds anything else ?
4 that s great thank you so much	you are very welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>	what type of cuisine or price range would you prefer ?
2 i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west ?	meghna is a nice indian restaurant in the west part of town
3 ok and the phone number and address ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 victoria road chesterton
4 ok thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for the kings hedges learner pool can you give me their contact info ?	kings hedges learner pools phone number is 01223353248 they are located at jedburgh court kings hedges cb42xh can i help with anything else ?
2 yes what area of town is that exactly ?	it is in the north of the city would you like help with anything else ?
3 no that is all i need today thank you very much !	you re very welcome ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a north indian restaurant in the town centre ?	i ve found 9 restaurants that match what you re looking for would you like me to go through them ?
2 one in the moderate price range would be good can you find one for me ?	i am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,i have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay ?
3 no in that case i think i would prefer to try a place that serves international food	i have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: the varsity restaurant on saint andrews st and bloomsbury restaurant on downing street
4 okay how about the varsity i d like a table for four on thursday at 12:30	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
5 yes i d like the same area and price range	okay i was able to get you into the bloomsbury and your reference number is 6bohrouh
6 thank you that will be just fine	you re very welcome ! don t hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions

#hotel#
1 can you find me an expensive hotel ?	i have 33 expensive hotels how many stars and what part of town would you prefer ?
2 i need one that includes free wifi	ok does it matter the ratings or location ?
3 the ratings and location do not matter it must be an expensive hotel not a guesthouse i will follow your recommendation for 4 nights starting tuesday for 6 people	there is the huntingdon marriott hotel which is 4 star in the expensive range with wifi would you like me to book a room there ?
4 yes please i will need it starting on tuesday for 4 nights there will be six of us staying	i m sorry but i was unable to book that shall we try another hotel ?
5 yes please one in the same price range	do you care whether the hotel is in the city center ?
6 nope i just need the hotel to be expensive and include wifi	i was able to book a room for you at the university arms hotel 4 nights starting on tuesday for 6 people your reference number is u5hxnkxo
7 that sound awesome can i have the address ?	regent street do you need anything else today ?
8 great thank you ! that s all i need goodbye	thank you for contacting us have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are two cheap restaurants in the north part of town would you prefer italian or indian ?
2 i don t care	i suggest da vinci pizzeria they serve great italian food would you like their contact information ?
3 what is the address ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton would you like any additional information ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for your call today ! bye bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately prices restaurant in the east part of town i would like the phone number and postcode please	we have 3 matching your request in the east part of town do you prefer indian or italian ?
2 i don t care	there is pizza hut fen ditton their phone number is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton and postal code is c.b 5 8 wr

#restaurant#
1 could you recommend a chinese restaurant for me to try ?	sure i have them in all price ranges all over the city do you have an area you prefer ?
2 the centre of the city with a moderate price range please	okay i was able to find 3 restaurants for your preference i have jinling noodle bar ian hong house and shanghai family restaurant is there any preference on one of these ?
3 no i don t have a preference i would like a reservation on sunday at 11:15 for three people	unfortunately i was not able to book that restaurant
4 how about for 10:15 ?	i was able to get you a table for 3 on sunday at 10:15 at the shanghai family restaurant your reference number is sfwtqub7 is there anything else ?
5 no thank you that is all for today	thank you have a great day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves thai food	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town would you like their phone number or address ?
2 of course	bangkok city is located in 24 green street city centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves korean food i would like the address and area please	the little seoul fits fits your price request it is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 thank you	thank you good bye
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the south would you prefer italian or modern european ?
2 may i have the address and phone number of the italian restaurant ?	that would be the pizza hut cherry hinton at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and they can be reached at 01223 323737 can i help you with anything else today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi i need to find a place to dine serving vietnamese food in the cheap price range	thanh binh is a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the cheap price range
2 thank you !	you re welcome
3 can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on saturday ?	okay got it your table has been reserved the reference number is u2oy8b4t
4 thanks so much !	thank you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i d like a kosher restaurant that s in the moderate price range	i m sorry there is not a kosher restaurant in the moderate price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	yippee noodle bar is a moderately priced restaurant serving asian oriental food
3 what is the address and phone number ?	yippee noodle bar s phone number is 01223 518111 their address is 40428 king street city centre
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 hi i need a guest house please	do you have a specific location you want to be ?
2 no but i need free wifi and i would like a 2 star guesthouse please	there isn t a guesthouse with 2 stars and free internet available is there another type of hotel i can look up for you ?
3 yes how about a guesthouse with 3 stars and free wifi instead ?	i have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range would you like me to choose one for you ?
4 i m sorry i changed my mind i don t want a guesthouse are there any hotels with 2 stars ?	is there a particular area you would like to stay in ?
5 no just any 2-star hotel with free wifi will do	i found 3 for you all in the expensive price range can you please give me the details so that i may book it for you ?
6 i would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday	i have you booked in the ashley hotel your reference number is cw6ymt0b is there anything else i can do for you today ?
7 great that was all i needed today thank you	great glad i could be of help to you

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north	i ve found a chinese restaurant and an indian restaurant which one do you prefer ?
2 chinese would be great !	if you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve i can book that for you
3 i would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday	then booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try the indian restaurant ?
4 okay that sounds good i ll need a reference number	it s booked your reference number is 5ybverxa
5 thank you so much for your help	no problem i hope you have a great day good-bye !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi ?	sure there are 9 hotels with free wifi is there an area of town or price range you prefer ?
2 i would like something cheap in the north part of town	i m sorry there is not one in the cheap range i do have 2 in the moderate range would you be interested in one of those ?
3 sure but can i get one that also has free parking ?	they both have free parking would you like to book at ashley hotel or lovell lodge ?
4 it doesn t matter the ashley is fine	i need to know when you d like to begin your stay how many are in your party and how many nights you d like reserved
5 there will be 6 of us arriving on sunday and we need to stay for 4 nights	you have a reservation the confirmation code is gdefc2re
6 thank you that is it bye	i m glad i could help !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train out of cambridge on saturday	no problem ! where do you plan to go on saturday ?
2 i want to go to kings lynn	alright when do you want to leave and arrive ?
3 arrival time is not important but the train should leave after 14:30	booking was successful the total fee is 7.84 gbp payable at the station reference number is : qa65lm7a is there anything else i can help with ?
4 no thank you sounds good	have a wonderful day

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range	i am sorry there are no expensive middle eastern restaurants can i look in a different price range ?
2 yes can we try a moderate price range	sorry there are no moderate middle eastern restaurants either do you want to try a different price range ?
3 hmm how about italian ? expensive	there are some great ones do you have a preference for which part of town it is in ?
4 nope ! could you pick your favorite and book a table for me ? 2 people at 12:30 on tuesday please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : h9sv1u6g
5 awesome thanks for your assistance that s all i need	i am glad to be of service ! have a wonderful time in cambridge !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking please	i have lots of guesthouses available with parking do you have a preference for area ?
2 no but i do need free wifi as well as free parking	do you have a preference for price range ?
3 no the price range is flexible i would like to book a room on wednesday for 2 people 2 nights	can i book you in at the allenbell ? it is cheap and in the east
4 that will do and that is for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday	sorry there isn t any vacancy for those days would you care to stay just the wednesday ?
5 sure let s try for just one night and see if that works please	booking was successful can i get you anything else ?
6 the reference number please !	your reference number is lpmf11yc
7 thanks for your help i m all set bye	have a good day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 4 star place to stay	what area would you like to stay in ?
2 i d like it to be in the north and to be a guesthouse	great there are 4 options for you here i personally recommend avalon would you like to book ?
3 yes please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday	your booking was successful reference number is : yb23kvsx is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is all thanks for your help !	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i d like some help looking for a particular restaurant the name of the restaurant is darrys cookhouse and wine shop i d like to know where it s located and how expensive	certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 king street city center
2 perfect could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on sunday ?	unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time would you like me to look for another restaurant ?
3 yes please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as darrys cookhouse	how about erania it s a european resturant at free school lane city centre
4 what is the address,please ?	their address is free school lane city centre would you like me to book that for you ?
5 yes please book that for the same party and time on sunday	thank you good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the east	there are nine restaurants in the east do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i don t have a price range but i am looking for asian oriental cuisine is that possible ?	i am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria is there another type of food or area you would be interested in ?
3 how about british food ?	i would recommend you try grafton hotel restaurant as requested it is in the east and serves british food
4 thanks will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at 13:00 ?	booking was unsuccessful can we book another day or time slot ?
5 please try booking at 1200hrs and get me the reference number	booking was successful for thursday at 1200hrs table for 7 at grafton hotel restaurant your reference number is kqktcx5y is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 nope that should be everything thank you so much for all of your help	you are welcome enjoy your dinner !

#hotel#
1 i need a particular hotel called the leverton house	i have located the leverton house would you like me to book it for you ?
2 yes please i would like it booked for 4 people i would need this for 3 nights starting with monday	i m sorry i couldn t book the leverton house for that day would you like me to try another hotel ?
3 yes in the same price range please	okay i was able to book you into the allenbell and your reference number is mll5wth5
4 that is wonderful thank you for your help	thank you please call again if you need anything else

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a particular b&b do you handle those ?	no i am sorry b&bs are not offered
2 oh dear well what about local guest houses instead ? i need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from monday	great ! your reservation at acorn guest house is completed your reference number is fo3nh9q6
3 i m looking for a hotel called rosa s bed and breakfast	rosa s is located at 53 roseford road would you like to book this ?
4 yes please ! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday	booking was successful reference number is : 4dnpblis
5 perfect that s all i need thanks	thank you for using this system !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food	i m sorry but there is not cantonese restaurant in the east can i offer you something else ?
2 what about an indian restaurant ?	curry prince is an indian restaurant in the east part of town
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 324351
4 address please	curry prince is at 451 newmarket road fen ditton
5 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food	bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town
2 can i have the phone number and address please ?	bangkok city restaurant is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#attraction#
1 hi ! can you help me find an attraction to visit in the centre of town ?	i have quite a few options did you have an idea what type of attraction you were looking to visit ?
2 surprise me i just need the attraction type address and postcode	castle galleries is one of my favorite museums it is at unit su43 grande arcade saint andrews street post code cb23bj does that sound good ?
3 that s great thanks	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thanks you ve been a great help have a nice day bye	thank you have a great day goodbye

#train#
1 i need a to find a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge	do you want the earliest train ?
2 it needs to leave after 9:15	there are 105 trains making that trip do you have a day you need to travel ?
3 i am looking to leave on thursday can you also please give me the train id for this trip ?	tr0031 leaves at 9:24 would you like me to book it for you ?
4 that might be cutting it a little close maybe one an hour later ?	okay i have a 10:24 that arrives at 10:52
5 can you give me the train id for the 10:24 ?	sure the tr2635 train leaves at 10:24 and arrives at 10:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes
6 thank you very much i appreciate your help	did you need anything else today or may i close this conversation in our system ?
7 that s all thank you	thank you have a good day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 indian in the north	there are two indian restaurants royal spice and the nirala
2 what is the address phone number and price range of one of them ?	royal spice is an indian restaurant on the north part of town and it is in the cheap price range the phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is victoria avenue chesterton
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i need a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi	we have many guesthouses that are moderately priced how about the acorn guest house they are located in the north ?
2 does it include free wifi and parking ?	yes to both
3 great ! book for 1 people starting on thursday for 4 nights thanks	i apologize that booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another hotel ?
4 another hotel will be fine as long as it s in the same price range thank you	a and b guest house is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?

#train#
1 i would like to book a hotel room for two	okay is it possible you meant to say you needed to find a train ? i can help you with that
2 yes sorry i need to leave stansted airport on tuesday	and what is your destination ?
3 cambridge please give me departure time and travel time	would leaving at 5:24 and arriving at 5:52 work ?
4 it most certainly would thank you i am not ready to book can you just give me the travel time for that trip ?	the travel time is 28 minutes is there anything else ?
5 no that s all thanks	you re welcome have a great day !

#train#
1 hi ! i need a train from london liverpool street sometime after 19:30 please	that should be no problem ! what day are you traveling ?
2 i would like to go this saturday to cambridge	tr2361 will be departing london liverpool street saturday at 21:39 there is also one an hour earlier would you like to book a ticket for one ?
3 i ll take the 21:39 i ll need 7 tickets please	alright your tickets have been booked and the reference number is zi1rmkw7 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 you have been very helpful thank you goodbye	thank you very much and have a nice day !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train actually i need to go to broxbourne on tuesday after 10:15	there are 13 options available do you need to arrive by a certain time ?
2 no not particularly sooner the better i suppose	train tr2130 leaves at 11:01 with the rest following in one hour increments
3 ok what is the travel time ? when does the train arrive ?	it arrives at 12:01 shall i book it for you ?
4 how long is the train ride ?	train tr2130 goes from cambridge to broxbourne the travel time is 60 minutes can i book that train for you ?
5 sure why not ? thank you	i ve reserved your ticket the total fee is 17.89 gbp payable at the station and your reference number is nze7upos
6 great thank you ! that is all i need today	happy i was able to accommodate you

#restaurant#
1 hey could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town ?	i m not finding any restaurants matching that description would you like to try searching a different area ?
2 no	ok would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine ?
3 are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town ? if so what is the address phone number and post code ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is cb58pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye to you as well

#restaurant#
1 looking for someone that serves australasian food ?	no restaurants serving australasian food can be found may i find another type restaurant for you ?
2 how about european food ?	galleria serves european food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i m looking for information on the rice house restaurant	the phone number is 01223367755 is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes i ll also need their address please	they are located at 88 mill road city centre
3 great thank you thanks for the info have a good rest of your day	you re welcome is there anything else you need ?
4 no i have all the information i need thank you	thank you for using this system !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	there is not a restaurant matching your request would you like another restaurant ?
2 yes how about european food instead	cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west
3 could i have their phone number and address ?	cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
4 thank you good bye	glad we could help !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a specific hotel	can you give me the name of the hotel you re looking for ?
2 yes.its name is bridge guest house	i found it would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday	i apologize but the hotel can t accommodate you
4 how about for sunday ?	booking was successful reference number is : ihw6xagz
5 great thanks for your help	you re welcome ! have a great day !
6 you can end this conversation now	ok i will

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a museum in town	there are many great museums to choose from is there a specific area of town you are looking to visit ?
2 no specific area can you recommend one for me ?	the byard art museum located in the south area of town is very nice would you like information about it ?
3 yes give me the phone number please	sure ! the phone number is 01223464646
4 thanks ! that s all the information i needed have a great day !	thank you have a good day

#hotel#
1 could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town ?	sure how about the avalon ? they also have free internet as well
2 sure that would be lovely	alright for how many people and for how long would you like to book this ?
3 can i get it for 3 people 4 nights and we will be there thursday thank you	i was unable to get you that booking perhaps a different day or length of stay ?
4 sure how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	there are 7 guest houses in the same price range archway house and arbury guest house are on the same road would you like me to book one ?
5 yes please book it for me	i was able to successfully book you your reference number is ij54oohx may i assist with anything else ?
6 thank you so much for your help	i am happy i was able to confirm your booking is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
7 no that is all i need thank you so much !	you re welcome good-bye

#hotel#
1 can you find a hotel by the name of leverton house ?	yes i have found the leverton house located in the east
2 great can you book a room for people please ? we would like 3 nights arriving on sunday	how many people would you like to book ?
3 sorry about that i would like it for 5 people	sorry i couldn t find a room available would you like to find another hotel ?
4 please search another hotel in the same pricerange that the leverton house	i have several in what area would you like it to be ?
5 i don t care	i was able to book you at the allenbell reference number bon67cdz is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 great that was all i needed today thank you !	okay glad i could be of assistance

#train#
1 am looking for a train it should leave on saturday and should go to cambridge	ok what is your departure site ?
2 i would like to leave from huntingdon and get to cambridge by 9:00 pm	please confirm you are leaving from huntingdon and want to arrive at 21:00
3 yes that is correct	booking was successful the total fee is 18.88 gbp payable at the station reference number is : ddypie2s
4 thank you for all of your help ! have a great day !	thank you for using our services do you need any further assistance ?
5 no i don t need anything	you are very welcome please let me know if you need anything in the future

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap portuguese restaurant give me their address phone number and area please	nandos is a cheap portuguese restaurant in the south area the phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a gastropub restaurant	the backstreet bistro serves gastropub food
2 can i have the address and postcode	the address is 2 sturton street city centre c.b 1,2 qa
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system phone line enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to ely please	what day is this for ?
2 it will be for thursday	what time would you like to go ?
3 i just need to arrive by 14:15	i have three different train choices depending on how early you want to arrive i have one arriving at 6:07 one at 8:07 and one at 10:07
4 what s the travel time ? knowing that will help me select on a time	the travel time is only 17 minutes
5 when is the departure time for 10:07 ?	tr1923 departs cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in ely by 10:07 total travel time of 17 minutes do you want to book a ticket ?
6 not at this time thank you for your help !	is there any other information i can get for you at this time ?
7 no that s it thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your day

#restaurant#
1 do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town ? i ll need the address and phone number	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton it s phone number is 01223350688
2 thank you good bye	enjoy your stay good bye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should arrive by 16:00 and should leave on saturday	where will you be traveling to ?
2 i am going to cambridge from broxbourne	the tr 1412 arrives at 15:32 will this be okay ?
3 yes please book it for 1 person	i booked your ticket and your reference number is dbwtxco1 can i help further today ?
4 no that s it ! thanks so much !	thanks again for choosing us
5 you have been helpful good bye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need to find a moderately priced guesthouse please	a and b guest house is moderately priced in the east part of town
2 i need a place in the north sorry	i have a few in the east part of town,would you need free parking ?
3 not worried about parking i am looking for a hotel that would be available starting monday for 4 nights for 6 people	in the north part of town i have 9 moderately priced options i recommend arbury lodge which can accommodate your booking and has 4 stars
4 sounds great i want to book the hotel for 6 people we will be there for 4 nights and arrive on monday may i also get the reference number ?	the booking was successful your reference number is se28hknk is there anything else that i can assist you with ?
5 no thank you that s all that i need	thank you for calling have a great day !

#train#
1 hi i m looking to book a train to cambridge that leaves around 16:00	sure where would you like to depart from ?
2 kings lynn after 16:00 on saturday please	tr4235 departs kings lynn at 16:11 and arrives in cambridge at 16:58 would you like to book passage on that train ?
3 what is the price on that trip ?	the price of tr4235 departing kings lynn at 16:11 on saturday is 7.84 pounds shall i book passage on that train ?
4 no not right now thank you very much for your help today	ok is there anything else you need assistance with ?
5 no that is all for the time being thank you	you re welcome enjoy your trip are you quite sure there s nothing else i can help with ?
6 i actually do need the price for that train please	the price is 7.84 pounds
7 thanks that s all i wanted to know	you re welcome can i help you with anything else today ?
8 no that s all i need thanks !	let us know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food ? i ll need the address phone number and postcode thank you	you would like a restaurant serving french food do you have a preference to what area it is located ?
2 i don t care please give me address phone number and postcode	i can recommend 2 restaurants serving french cuisine: cote located at bridge street city centre c.b2 1 u.f phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant two two located at 22 chesterton road chesterton c.b 4 3 a.x phone number 01223 351880
3 thank you good bye	you are welcome

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	alright well you have 33 to choose from any type of cuisine you re looking for ?
2 i ll take something chinese if you have it i ll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend	okay the postcode for the golden house is cb21eg is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that will do it thanks for your help have a nice day	i m glad to be of service enjoy your dinner in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i need an expensive place to dine in the center of town	what type of food are you wanting at this restaurant ?
2 type of food does not matter to me	yes there are 33 such restaurants would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight	certainly how many will be in your party ?
4 just one and can you book me for 14:00 ?	fitzbillies restaurant is british cuisine would you like me to book a reservation ?
5 sure for thursday	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
6 please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range	okay i got you into the cambridge chop house and your reference number is t3xzdzfc
7 thank you that s all i need today	thank you for using this service good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find some international food in the east part of town	the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east side of town at finders corner newmarket road would you like more information or a reservation ?
2 i need the restaurant to be cheap does this restaurant fir that criteria ?	yes the missing sock is listed as being in the cheap price range would you like to reserve a table ?
3 yes please book for 8 people on saturday for 12:30	i am sorry but the missing sock is full may i look for another restaurant for you on the east side of town ?
4 can you find me something in the same price range ?	there is nothing else would you like to try another time ?
5 i was really hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town can you check for availability again ? any cuisine is fine	i m sorry bu there are no other restaurants on the east side of town that are listed as cheap can we try another part of town ?
6 yes alright then	i will look up a cheap restaurant on the other part of the town
7 ok any area will be ok	i am sorry there are no others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range ?
8 no i need a cheap restaurant in the east	the missing sock is the only cheap restaurant in the east can you perhaps do another time ?
9 i really needed it to be at that time thank you for your help	i m really sorry we couldn t book the table for you is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
10 you re certain that with no particular cuisine needed there were no cheap restaurants at all ?	i booked for you a table at gardenia it s in the center and serves mediterranean food your reservation is on msf1lno1
11 thanks i hope it will be a good one bye !	i m sure it will bye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food	what area would you like to look in ?
2 i do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap	there are no hungarian restaurants i can direct you to would you like another type of food ?
3 yes how about a restaurant that serves modern european food ?	the the river bar steakhouse and grill is cheap and serves modern european food
4 can i get the address and postcode ?	their address is quayside off bridge street and the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq may i help you with anything else ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	you re welcome and good bye

#train#
1 i need a train to leave from london s cross	what day would you like the train for ?
2 i d like it to be for saturday	i have a train that leaves london kings cross at 05:00 and arrives by 05:51 at a price of 18.88 pounds is that ok ?
3 yes it is perfect thank you	i m sorry i had that completely mixed up there is a train leaving london kings cross at 5:17 and arriving in cambridge at 6:08 does that work ?
4 yes please book that and give me the reference number of the booking	yes i was able to book that and your reference number is xyvaabbj cost of the ticket will be 18.88 pounds is there anything else ?
5 no that will be all thank you	glad to help have a nice day good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food	may i recommend bloomsbury restaurant ? it serves wonderful international food
2 are they located in the cetre ?	yes they are should i book that for you ?
3 yes please try for sunday at 19:00 for 2 people	alright - you are booked reference number is 4ghah1tc
4 thanks so much that s all i needed goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant that serves international cuisine	there are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine would you like to narrow your request ?
2 i would like to know one of the address and phone number	the varisty restaurant a centre location is at 35 sanit andrews street city centre with a phone number of 01223 356060
3 thank you good bye	you are welcome

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north	i have two two star hotels in the north that are both moderately priced do you have any other requirements such internet or parking ?
2 no i don t need parking can you just recommend a place to stay ?	i would recommend ashley hotel would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes please book the ashley hotel for me thank you	when do you want your reservation to be and for how many people ?
4 starting monday and its for 2 people i also need a reference number	how many nights ?
5 i would like to stay for 3 nights	ok you re booked at the ashley hotel starting monday your reference number is igat23z5 can i help you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all i need thank you	have a great stay

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to petersborough	i m sorry there are no trains to petersborough is there another location i can check for you ?
2 no i need a train from cambridge to petersborough on thursday	there are 38 trains what time do you want to leave or to arrive by please ?
3 i just need to leave by 08:30	there is a 8:34 train to peterborough on thursday i would arrive at 9:24
4 yes that would be fine please book for 6 people	booking was successful the total fee is 99 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 0zn13uiu
5 thank you that is all i needed today	you re very welcome ! have a great day & enjoy your trip !

#hotel#
1 can you find me a particular hotel please ?	i can if you d give me the name or other details i can search for it
2 i am looking for the warkworth house i would like to book it starting sunday for 3 nights for 2 people	the warkworth house is a guesthouse not a hotel is that okay ?
3 yeah that s okay please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting sunday	i m sorry that isn t available can i find a different hotel for you ?
4 please look for a different hotel in the same pricerange	i was able to book a and b guest house reference number is qrvy59m0
5 thanks so much for all of your help	you re so very welcome is there anything else that i may assist you with ?
6 no thank you that is all	okay great glad i could be of help

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from norwich on monday	i found 19 trains that match your request where is your destination ?
2 the train should leave after 17:00 and should go to cambridge	how about tr7514 that leaves at 17:16 on monday ?
3 that would be perfect could you book it for 6 people and provide me a reference number ?	i ve booked 6 tickets the fee is 105.6 and the reference number is 4reiium5
4 thank you for your help	you are welcome can i assist with anything else today ?
5 no that is all thanks goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0	unfortunately i am not finding any hotels matching your criteria would you like me to look for three star hotels ?
2 how about a star of 0 ?	sorry still zero matches perhaps some other criteria ?
3 ok how about a cheap priced hotel free wifi would be a plus	el shaddai is a cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking does this suit your needs ?
4 yeah can you help me book it please ? it ll be for 8 people	how many days will you be staying and what day will you be arriving ?
5 2 nights for 8 people starting on sunday	booking was successful reference number is : e69cnu30 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you that is all the info i needed have a great day !	here is the address for your hotel 41 warkworth street postcode cb11eg have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for basque food in the centre of town	i am sorry but there are no matching records found can i help you with something else ?
2 any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range ?	there are 33 restaurants with that criteria would you like to narrow your search ?
3 do any of them serve italian cuisine ?	yes 4 stazione restaurant and coffee bar clowns cafe don pasquale pizzeria and cafe uno
4 caffe uno sounds good could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday ?	it is unavailable for that time would you like to try another time or place ?
5 how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book you at another italian place by the name of clowns caafe your reference number is baohhc1z is there anything else that i can assist with ?
6 no that will be all thanks for your help	thank you for calling have a great day !

#attraction#
1 hi i am looking to go to a museum in town please	we offer 23 museums any location preferences ?
2 not really can you just tell me your favorite and let me know how it will be for me to get in ? oh and the postcode for my gps	sure cafe jello gallery is my personal favorite the postcode is cb30af it is free to get in
3 great thank you !	you re welcome ! glad to help

#attraction#
1 i want a museum please ? please include address postcode and area	i suggest byard art the address postcode and area are 14 king s parade cb21sj and it is located in the south
2 great thanks for all your help that s all i needed goodbye	happy to be of help and i hope you enjoy the museum goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderately-priced place to stay	i can help we have 18 moderately priced hotels do you have any additional preferences ?
2 i prefer the south part of town if you have anything	i have 2 guesthouses available for what you need do you want information on one of them ?
3 yes please do either have free wifi ?	both of the guesthouses have free wifi and free parking i would recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house due to it being 4 stars
4 great ! can you book that for me ?	yes tell me what day are you arriving how long is your stay and for how many people ?
5 there wili be 4 of us arriving on saturday and staying for 3 nights	wonderful your room has been booked for 3 nights your reference number is hh78sjfp is there anything else i can help with ?
6 not that is it thanks	thank you if you need any more help please let us know

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that leaves saturday going to ely do you have a train with those details ?	there are 10 trains on saturday that go to ely from cambridge what time do you need to leave or arrive and how many tickets do you need ?
2 i need to arrive by 13:00	there is one train that arrives at 12:07 that trainid istr0718
3 i need a booking for 4 people	i ve done that the price will be 14.08 gbp payable at the station your reference number is ir7hsmg4 any else i can do for you ?
4 no that will be all	thank you you have been very helpful

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an economy hotel in the west	there is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel in the cheap price range which would you prefer ?
2 i would like a hotel that offers free parking	the cambridge belfry meets that criteria would like to me to help you book a reservation ?
3 yes i ve got a group of six and we want to stay for three nights starting on friday	ok booking you three nights for 6 people starting friday
4 thank you i will just need a reference number for the booking	the cambridge butterfly is not open then shall i try another ?
5 yes please find another hotel in the same price range for me	i have you booked into the finches bed and breakfast your reference number is c12wfp62 is there anything else i can do for your today ?
6 no thank you that s all i need	thank you don t hesitate to call again and enjoy your stay
7 thank you and have a great day	you have a good day too

#hotel#
1 can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi ?	i can recommend the alexander bed and breakfast it is a guesthouse in the cheap price range
2 are there any in the moderate price range ?	i have the cityroomz hotel which is in the moderate range with internet and no parking would you like to book this hotel ?
3 yes please i need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday	that on is not open then shall i try another ?
4 how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	how about the el shaddai they have free internet and free parking ?
5 that will be fine	great news ! your booking was successful and i have a reference number for you it is pl4jeq9a
6 thank you for your help	you are very welcome please enjoy your stay
7 thank you very much i will	please feel free to contact us again for further assistance good-bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for an upscale hotel	gonville hotel is in the expensive price range
2 i need the hotel to be in the west part of the city and have free parking please	the huntington marriott hotel is the only expensive hotel in the west
3 if it has free parking i would like to book it for wednesday please	how many days and how many people ?
4 can i get it for three nights there will be two of us	i cannot reserve a room at that time perhaps another hotel ?
5 yes something else in the same price range please	there is only 1 hotel in the area of west that is expensive would you like me search a different area ?
6 any area is fine just in the same price range is what matters to me	okay i booked you into the gonville hotel in the city center and your reference number is tsja02xz
7 thank you so much for your help	is there anything else i can do for you today ?
8 no thank you that was all i needed	thank you using the cambridge towninfo service and enjoy your stay in our city !

#restaurant#
1 i need some portuguese food ! i need a restaurant in any area please give me a phone number	nandos is located in the south area address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and phone number is 01223 327908
2 is there anything else ?	nandos city centre is in the centre part of town their phone number is 01223 327908
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for unusual food in the south part of town	what price range do you prefer ?
2 i have no preference	there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving unusual type food
3 what about italian food ?	frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range
4 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the postcode for frankie and bennys is c.b 1 7 d.y and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what is the address ?	the nirala is a great moderately priced indian restaurant in the north part of town they are located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can do for you today ?
2 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 could you give me information on a hotel called alpha-milton guest house ?	the alpha-milton guesthouse is moderately priced and is in the north area
2 can i book 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday ?	i apologize but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested should i look for another hotel ?
3 yes please find me another one that s available on thursday	how about the acorn guest house ? it is available on thursday
4 sure that sounds fine can you give me the reference number once you book that ?	the reference number is 5f7ybb5m is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you for your time	you.re welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the west	i can recommend a nice 4-star hotel for you the huntingdon marriott would you like to know more about it ?
2 yes please i need a guesthouse that has free parking	how about hobsons house ?
3 sure what is the post code ?	the postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh do you want a reservation ?
4 no that was all i wanted to know thanks !	thank you for allowing me to help you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves portuguese food please also provide the phone number	i do not show an expensive portuguese restaurant can i look for something else ?
2 how about french food ?	cote is a french restaurant located in the centre part of town and is in the expensive price range is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 yes could i have their phone number ?	the phone number for cote is 01223 311053
4 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food	the gardenia restaurant is a great choice it is not expensive and meets your other criteria the address is 2 rose crescent city centre
2 sounds great ! can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on sunday ?	what time would you like the reservation to be for ?
3 16:15 please thank you	you are booked with ref # wbb6xxrp anything else for you today ?
4 no that is all thank you for the help	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side	i have about 5 different ones to offer you i have european food french chinese and asian oriental do you prefer a certain cuisine ?
2 can you give me some additional information on the asian oriental one ?	sure it s called saigon city and it s located at 169 high street chesterton chesterton cb41nl their phone number is 01223356555 can i be of further assistance today ?
3 sounds great can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on friday please ? i will need a reference number too	your booking was successful your reference number is 01yib028 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks you ve been a great help !	glad to help you

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place serving indian food in the west	the tandoori palace is an excellent choice though it s a bit expensive would you like a table there ?
2 yes please book for 3 people at 13:15 on monday include reference number please	you are all set for 13:15 monday your reference number is 36nikcyf can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s all thanks ! bye !	all right enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i m interested in finding a modern european restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu	i pulled up 3 restaurants two in the centre and one in the south do you have a preference on location ?
2 no preference can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on wednesday ? thanks !	of course ! you re all set at the restaurant alimentum with reference number ia29xfxa the table will be reserved for 15 minutes anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for cheap food in the centre	sure i have asian and chinese restaurants and other options is there a type of food you are looking for ?
2 i think i d like french food please	i m sorry there are no cheap french restaurants in the central area
3 what about an indian restaurant ?	there are 3 cheap indian restaurants located in the centre i would recommend the kohinoor would you like to book a table ?
4 great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday	i have reserved your table for 4 your reference number is ssvf0e1r can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 that will be all thank you very much	you are welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town	frankie and bennys serves italian food it is in the south part of town and the price range is expensive can i help you with anything else ?
2 what is the address and phone number for frankie and bennys ?	frankie and bennys address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton their phone number is 01223 412430
3 thank you	you re welcome is there anything else ?
4 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the south part of town
5 no that was it bye bye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant in the west part of town it should be in the cheap price range	i have a vietnamese and an italian restaurant matching your requirements would you be interested in either ?
2 i d prefer the italian one	i have la margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant it s located at 15 magdalene street city centre did you need any help booking a table ?
3 can i get the postcode for it ?	absolutely ! the postcode for la margherita is cb30af would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes please thank you very much	great ! what day and time would you like the reservation for ?
5 i do not want to just yet thanks	okay we ll book that for you whenever you re ready thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find some cheap italian food ?	i have ask at 12 bridge street city centre
2 thanks for your help can i get their phone number and other info as well ?	sure their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf
3 that s that s all i need good bye	excellent have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap italian restaurant in the south side of town	i m sorry i cannot find a cheap italian restaurant in the south side of town
2 i would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town there is also indian and british food available in that area and price range would you like more info ?
3 yes can i get thier address and postcode ?	of course prezzo s address is 21 - 24 northampton road and postcode is c.b 3 0 ad
4 thank you ! goodbye !	thank you ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel with free parking thanks !	the gonville hotel includes free parking and is in the center would you like to make a booking ?
2 does it have a 4 star rating ?	no it only has 3 stars would you like me to find you something else ?
3 yes i want to stay somewhere nice 4 stars	huntingdon marriott hotel is a nice place and is a 4 star hotel.would you like me to book it for you ?

#hotel#
1 good morning i need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range can you please tell me what is available ?	i have 5 hotels that fit those qualifications do you want to stay in a specific part of town or is there a star rating you re looking for ?
2 i would like the hotel to be in the north please	i do not have any expensive hotels in the north with free wifi would you like me to look in a different price range ?
3 okay well how about mid-price range then ?	the acorn guest house is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes please 7 people monday for 3 nights	the booking was unsuccessful want to try another time ?
5 yes please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on monday	archway house is available it is a moderately priced guest house in the north with wifi your reference number is tbhihejt would that work for you ?

#hotel#
1 hi i need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range	i have 17 hotels in the moderate range that offer internet access do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in ?
2 i prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated	i have 3 hotels listed that have of your requirements do you have any parking needs ?
3 yes i am looking for free parking	carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and is moderately priced can i book a reservation for you ?
4 no thanks i am not quite ready to make a reservation yet thanks for the information	alright can i get anything else ?
5 no that s all i need i m going to give the hotel a call thank you for your help !	excellent have a good one !

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a guesthouse on the westside to stay	i am sorry i have no guest houses in the west can i look one up in another area for you ?
2 are there any other places like that that also have free parking in that area ?	i have found one that is cheap with 4 stars and one that is moderately priced with 3 stars ? do either of those sound appealing to you ?
3 the cheap one with the better rating sounds appealing	great ! that s finches bed and breakfast it s located at 144 thornton road cb30nd would you like to book a stay ?
4 please book it for friday,thank you	can you please tell me how many people will be staying and for how many nights ?
5 yes 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday	booking was unsuccessful want to try another hotel ?
6 yes in the same price range please	worth house in the north is 4 stars and cheap would you like to try it ?
7 the amount of stars do not matter as long as it is in the same price range does worth house in the north include free parking ?	okay well i was able to book you at the worth house and your reference number is 86xvfeuy
8 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you are welcome also for your reference the worth house does have free parking may i help you with anything else ?
9 no thanks thanks again for your help	enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food what is the phone number ?	there are three chinese restaurants would you like the phone number for all three ?
2 what is the phone number ?	golden wok is 01223350688 hakka is 01223568988 and the hotpot is 01223366552 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
4 no that s all i need thank you and goodbye	have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 is there a moderate priced restaurant ?	i found several do you have a preference on location ?
2 yes in the east part of town	there are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range
3 what is the address of one of them ?	451 newmarket road fen ditton
4 excellent thanks !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that s it goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

#train#
1 am looking for a train,it should depart from cambridge and should go to ely	the train id is tr1709 and it leaves on friday
2 i need to travel on wednesday and get there by 17:15	trainid tr6745 leaves cambridge at 15:50 and arrives at ely at 16:07 it s the last wednesday train
3 can you give me the price ?	that train costs 4.40 pounds
4 alright i ll take it ! that train will be perfect	ok how many seats would you like to book ?
5 oh i don t need to book now i just need the information for reference thank you goodbye	you are very welcome thanks for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi ! can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and i ?	i m sure we can cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would prefer italian and it has to be in the south	i found one restaurant with those credentials it s pizza hut cherry hinton would you like the address ?
3 no could you just book a table for 3 ? i d like it for wednesday at 12:15	i m sorry that booking was not available would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 what other restaurants are in the same area and price range ?	there is the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food ?
5 that sounds good book it for 3 on wednesday at 12:15 please and i ll need the reference number too	i have made a reservation for you at the restaurant alimentum on wednesday at 12:15 for 3 people your reference number is lx2xaaf4 would you like their address ?
6 yes can i have the address and phone number please ?	of course the restaurant is on 152 - 154 hills road and their phone number is 01223413000
7 great that s all i needed have a lovely day	thank you and you too

#hotel#
1 can you find the a & b guesthouse ?	the a and b guest house is located in the east part of the city would you like me to make a booking for you ?
2 yes i would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday	ok i have made a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting monday at a and b guest house

#train#
1 i need a train that leaves on tuesday and should depart from cambridge	i m finding many trains departing from cambridge on tuesday what is your destination ?
2 i am going to peterborough and want to arrive by 13:30	i have a train that departs cambridge on tuesday at 12:34 and will get you to peterborough at 13:24 exactly would you like me to book that seat for you ?
3 yes please ! i need 6 seats	booking was successful the total fee is 99 gbp payable at the station reference number is : nh7gxpva
4 thank you so much that s all i need today	okay great i m glad i was able to help you

#train#
1 hello i need to book a train for thursday leaving to peterborough	no problem can you please let me know where you want to depart from ?
2 i would like to leave cambridge after 09:15	tr7317 leaves at 10:06 on thursday would you like to reserve a seat ?
3 yes just one seat and i ll need the reference number	booking was successful the total fee is 16.5 gbp payable at the station reference number is : salfli4e
4 thank you so much for your help have a great day !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a good trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock serves cheap food in the east part of town
2 what type of food is served at the missing sock and what is the address ?	the missing sock serves international food they are located at finders corner newmarket road
3 what is the address ?	their address is finders corner newmarket road
4 may i have the street address of the establishment	the address for the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road would you like their phone number or postcode ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye and please come back to the cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance
6 thanks see ya !	bye bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast	finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse on the west side of town and falls in the cheap price range are you interested in booking a room there ?
2 yes i am i need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday	unfortunately i was unable to make the reservation would you like to try for another arrival date or a shorter stay ?
3 is there anything open for just 1 night ?	sure your reference number is zellmaly
4 great that s all i need today thank you for your help !	we re always happy to help and i hope you enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant with corsica food please	what is the area you would like ?
2 west side of town	there are no matching restaurants would you like me to perform another search ?
3 how about italian food instead and could i have the phone number if you find a restaurant	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west side of town the phone number is 01799 521260
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant it s called anatolia	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the centre of the city would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes i want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on monday	ok i have booked a table at anatolia for 5 people on monday at 14:15

#hotel#
1 do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse ?	i sure can ! first of all is there a price range you would like to stay within ?
2 something cheap but 4 star quality	how about the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane that is the cheap price range ?
3 does it include free wifi ?	yes it does would you like to make a reservation ?
4 no not right now could you tell me what area that s in and the postcode and phone number ?	it s on the east side of town the postcode is cb13js and the phone number is 01223210353
5 thank you for your help ! that s all i will need for today	thank you for contacting the help desk have a great day

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for local hotels i would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side	gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel are both expensive in the 3 star range
2 i also need free wifi	yes both have free wifi can i check booking for either of these ?
3 yes please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 4 nights starting on monday	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place ?
4 please book a different hotel in the same price range	i have the lensfield hotel but it is on the south side would that do ?
5 yes can you book it for me ?	you have been booked for 8 people for 4 days starting monday at the lensfield your confirmation number is c0ycw45c can i do anything else for you ?
6 no that s all i needed have a nice day	alright glad i could help

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant it should be in the north side of town	what type of food do you want ?
2 no preference for food type thank you	great ! da vinci pizzeria and royal spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town
3 great ! da vinci pizzeria and royal spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town	which one do you prefer ? da vinci pizzeria or royal spice ?
4 royal spice give me their address please	it s victoria avenue chesterton would you like the phone number ?
5 no thank you goodbye !	thank you and goodbye !

#train#
1 i would like to book a train for monday departing from kings lynn and arriving at cambridge at 14:45	what time would you like to leave by ?
2 can you please provide me with the departure time of the train arriving by 14:45 or just before ?	the departure time is 13:11
3 what time is it scheduled to arrive ?	the departure time is 13:11 may i book some tickets or provide you with further assistance today ?
4 thanks so much for your help that s all today	okay thank you so much for contacting us have a great trip !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range	nandos is located in the south part of town is in the cheap price range and serves portuguese food
2 hmm are there any other options available for cheap in the south side ?	yes the lucky star serves chinese food is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 phone number please	the phone number for the lucky star is 01223 244277 may i help you with anything else ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for the lucky star is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to london kings cross that departs after 08:15	what day would you like to travel ?
2 i ll be travelling on a wednesday	are you departing from cambridge station ?
3 yes what do you have available ?	the tr2000 leaves cambridge going to london kings cross on friday at 09:00 it arrives in london kings cross at 09:51 how does that sound?
4 that s great please book me two tickets	the booking was successful and the fee is 47.2 gbp payable at the station reference number is e2n0jhsy may i assist you with anything else today
5 no thank you that is all	have a good day !

#hotel#
1 hello cambridge towninfo center representative i desire a place to stay that 5 stars cheap and includes free wifi can you help ?	i m sorry but i m not finding anything that matches your criteria can i help with something else ?
2 how about changing that to a 4 star rating ?	that we have ! do you have a preference on the area ?
3 no preferences on the area but i want to book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday	how does the alexander bed and breakfast in the centre sound ?
4 sounds great ! could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting wednesday ?	booking was successful reference number is : 34p1ohbr do you need any other help today ?
5 that is it thank you for your help goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#attraction#
1 can you please help me find a museum ?	sure ! there are plenty of great museums to choose from is there a specific area of town you are looking for ?
2 the centre area looking for modern art and the museums phone number please	i recommend byard art their phone number is 01223464646
3 great ! that is all i need thank you	you are welcome ! have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town	do you want particular food type ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in the south part of town
3 are there any other options ?	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes please give me the phone number address and postcode	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postcode is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 what is the postcode again ?	the postcode for frankie and bennys is cb 1 7 d.y
6 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for information on kambar what do you know about that attraction ?	kambar is a nightclub located in the centre of town its address is 1 wheeler street and postcode is cb23qb with an entrance fee of 5 pounds
2 alright that s all i really needed to know thanks again !	you re welcome have a great day !
3 thanks you too !	have a great time and thanks for letting us help !

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderately priced restaurant please	what kind of food would you like to have ?
2 any kind of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the north part of town	golden wok is in the north part of town and is moderately priced it serves chinese food
3 is there any other restaurant ?	there is the nirala which serves indian food in the moderate price range and the north part of town
4 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 360966
5 thank you goodbye	you are very welcome bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please	certainly there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre what type of food do you prefer ?
2 i am looking to eat some mediterranean food	i have two great choices for you la mimosa and the shiraz restaurant can i offer you more information on one of these two ?
3 sure can i get the postcode phone number and address for la mimosa please ?	absolutely la mimosa is located at thompsons lane fen ditton the postcode is cb58aq their phone number is 01223362525 can i assist you in making a reservation ?
4 no thank you ! thank you for all your help	is there any other information i can get for you at this time ?
5 no that s all for today goodbye	goodbye have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food	it looks like there are no german restaurants in the city would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant ?
2 yes how about portuguese food ?	there are two restaurants in the cheap price range that serve portuguese food what area would you like to go to ?
3 it doesn t matter	nandos serves portuguese food and in the cheap price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i would like the address of nandos restaurant please	nandos is located in the south part of the city and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way anything else you need ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#train#
1 hello ! i m looking for a train arriving by 10:30 to cambridge	that are several options that arrive in cambridge by 10:30 when are you traveling and where are you departing from ?
2 i am departing from leicaster and it will be on thursday	four trains will get you there by 10:30 would you prefer to depart at 6:54 7:54 8:54 or 9:54 ?
3 9:54 sounds good what is the price ? and how long is the trip ?	i beg your pardon but the times i mentioned earlier were for arrival rather than departure the departure times are 5:09 6:09 7:09 and 8:09 what is your preference ?
4 can you tell me what the travel time is and the price ?	which train would you like that for ?
5 the 8:09 departure please	that s train tr6180 the travel time is 105 minutes and the cost is 37.80 pounds per ticket
6 thank you that s all i needed today	great i m glad i could help you with that have a nice day goodbye !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side	i was able to find three results for what you are looking for may i recommended finches bed and breakfast ?
2 great do they have free wifi ?	they have free wifi and free parking ! they re a guesthouse not a hotel though - is that ok ?
3 yes sounds good i d like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from thursday	i m afraid that wont work can we try a different day or length of time ?
4 would you be able to get it for 1 night and also get me a reference number	yes i was able to book a room there for one night reference number is pl0p458j
5 great ! thanks for your help with booking that	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that s all thanks	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre

#hotel#
1 i d like to find a guesthouse to stay	no problem we have 24 to choose from any specifics ?
2 i m looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 3-star rating	okay there are three: bridge guest house in the south hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west would one of these work for you ?
3 can i have the address for hamilton lodge ?	certainly it s located at 156 chesterton road anything else you d like to know ?
4 yes i m not familiar with that address what part of town is that in ?	it is in the north part of town
5 great thanks for the information that s all i need right now	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hi there i was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a guesthouse to stay at in town	i found 24 guesthouses do you have a location you prefer or any other requirements ?
2 i am just looking for one with free parking	all right the allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side that might suit your needs
3 that sounds good please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting on friday	i have reserved you a room at the allenbell guesthouse for 1 on friday for 3 nights reference number o35qes09
4 that s all i need thank you	enjoy your stay ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat can you help ?	sure what type of food are you wanting ?
2 any type is fine just something cheap and in the centre could you recommend one and give me the food type ?	how about the dojo noodle bar ? they serve asian oriental
3 that would be fine can i have their postcode and phone number please ?	their postcode is cb21rq and their phone number is 01223363471
4 thank you for your help today	you re welcome ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i m looking for information on a train that will arrive at 20:45 wednesday	i have 318 trains running on wednesday to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving ?
2 the train should depart from cambridge and should go to kings lynn	train tr3234 leaves at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58 shall i book that one for you ?
3 yes thank you very much	great i have booked your ticket your reference number is : nsruz1f6 may i help you with anything else today ?
4 no thank you that is all	i m glad we could help thank you and goodbye !

#train#
1 i need help finding a train leaving cambridge after 20:45	many trains leave cambridge around 20:45 what is the destination ?
2 i need to get to london liverpool street	i have several options for you and the price and exact departure time varies by day of the week do you have a day preference ?
3 i would like to leave on thursday	train tr3695 leaves 21:59 and arrives on 23:27 would you like to book it ?
4 thanks that s all good bye	welcome again some other time

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town	we have 11 to choose from do you have preferred quality ?
2 yes i d like a 3 star place it doesn t need to have free parking	okay the hamilton lodge fits those conditions would you like me to book you a room ?
3 yes please book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from saturday	the hamilton lodge guesthouse does have free parking is that okay ? there is the alpha-milton guest house in the north it 3 stars moderately priced and doesn t offer parking
4 the alpha milton guest house sounds better please book a room there	i have that booked the reference code is 8epnpvvm anything else ?
5 no that is it ,thanks	ok thank you for using our service & have a good day !

#hotel#
1 can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn t to cheap or expensive ?	i have the ashley hotel and lovell lodge which one would you like ?
2 the ashley hotel sounds good does it have free parking ?	ashley hotel does have free parking
3 thanks coulc you book a room for me just one person it will be three nights starting sunday	booking was successful reference number is : lcfymn3f
4 great thank you for all your help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you for your service	you are welcome i m always glad to help goodbye now

#train#
1 i need a train on monday leaving after 10:45	where will you be departing from and what is your destination ?
2 i want to go to cambridge from birmingham new street	we have the tr1028 leaving at 11:01 does that work ?
3 when does it arrive ? and what is the total travel time please ?	it arrives at 1:44 in the afternoon and it is a 2 hour and 43 minute trip
4 great ! thanks for your help goodbye !	you re welcome happy to help have a good day

#restaurant#
1 hi ! do you have any indian food on the east side ?	i have four indian places do you have a price range in mind ?
2 no i do not any place will do i d like to find a table for three at 12:45 on monday	unfortunately there are no tables available matching that do you have another time ?
3 ok how about 11:45 also i would like to know the name of the restaurant	ok i have a table for three booked at 11:45 at curry prince it is in the east side of town your reference number is l8gt5j3i
4 okay that is wonderful that is all i need	great is there anything else i can do for you today ?
5 no that s all i need thank you for your help	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy the rest of your day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 4-star place that s moderately priced	i can help you finding a room that suits your needs i have about 11 different options can you tell me what area of town you prefer ?
2 the east would be best	there are three options two of which have both free parking and free wifi would you like to book at one of them ?
3 i do need free wifi	how about the carolina bed and breakfast ? they have free wifi i can book for you
4 no i may decide later could i get the address though	the address is 138 perne road and the postcode is cb13nx is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no i think that will be all thanks	great have a great day

#attraction#
1 i am trying to find information about adc theatre can you help me ?	adc theatre is in the centre of town on park street would you like their phone number ?
2 yes please give me the phone number	sure the phone number is 01223300085 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no actually that takes care of everything i need have a great day now !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should go to cambridge and should leave on tuesday	we have over 200 trains do you have a departure site or time ?
2 i m departing from norwich and need to arrive by 12:15	there are many options available is there a certain time you would like to depart ?
3 no just tell me the price of the trip please	the price of the train would be 17.60 pounds anything else you need ?
4 that ll be all thanks so much for your assistance !	you re welcome have a great trip !

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a place with tuscan food in any price range	i m sorry there is not a tuscan restaurant listed would you care to try something else ?
2 how about any korean restaurants ?	little seoul is a korean restaurant
3 phone number please	there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i want to stay at a 4 star hotel	there are 33 hotels that satisfy your request are you looking for a specific area of town ?
2 i need a place in the east with free wifi	i am recommending the acorn guest house
3 okay that sounds good let s book it for just me and i am planning to stay 4 nights beginning thursday	i apologize but the hotel isn t available during that time frame
4 could you please try one night	booking was successful reference number is : 8dw9yafr
5 great thanks for your help	your welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 nope that was all i needed today thanks ! take care !	you re very welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 hey there i am hoping you might be able to tell me what kind of entertainment is happening tonight in town near where i am staying	not a problem where are you staying ?
2 i am in the northern part of town	sorry i don t see any attractions in the north perhaps another area ?
3 would you happen to know if there is a swimming pool in the north ?	there s actually two would you like more information on them ?
4 yes please !	the jesus green outdoor pool is between victoria road and the river the kings hedges learner pool is on jedburgh court kings hedges would you like their phone numbers ?
5 yes please give me the phone number for jesus green outdoor pool	the phone number is 01223302579 can i help you with anything else ?
6 can you also give me the address and entrance fee for the jesus green pool ?	the pool is located between victoria rd and the river i don t have the information for the entrance fee but you can give them a call at 01223302579
7 thank you that is all i need bye	great have a great day !

#train#
1 i need a train on wednesday that leaves after 16:00	where will you be leaving from and traveling to ?
2 i would like to go to ely from cambridge	i found tr8610 leaving at 17:35 would that work for you ?
3 yes one ticket i need the travel time and train id	okay i have you booked on tr1549 from cambridge to ely leaving wednesday at 17:50 arriving 17 minutes later at 18:07 the reference number is rhe56nac anything else today ?
4 i believe i am good for the moment thank you for your help	you re welcome ! have a safe trip ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre	there is one restaurant called wagamama that fits your needs
2 i d like somewhere expensive is it ?	yes it is
3 then that will be good i need a reservation for 4 on friday night please	what time would you like to dine ?
4 i d like to eat at 17:30	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : ffaib546 can i be of any other assistance today ?
5 that is it thank you	we appreciate you using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve vietnamese food	there is a vietnamese restaurant in the west area of town that is in the cheap price range called thanh binh should i book that for you ?
2 yes i need the reservation to be for five people on monday at 19:00	already booked welcome
3 thank you can i get the reference number ?	sorry unfortunately that time is not available
4 am asking for the reference number please	my apologies it seems that this particular booking is unavailable would you like to book a different time or day ?
5 if the booking fails how about tuesday	i have booked a table for 5 at 17:00 on tuesday they will hold the table for up to 15 minutes the reference number is 2vns11p1
6 okay that s all bye	thank you for calling us and have a great day goodbye

#hotel#
1 guten tag i am staying overnight in cambridge and need a place to sleep i need free parking and internet	i have 4 different options for you i have two cheaper guesthouses and two expensive hotels do you have a preference ?
2 no but i d really like to be on the south end of the city do any of those fit the bill ?	sure does price matter ? we can narrow it down and find exactly what you need
3 no i don t care about the price which one do you recommend ?	i would recommend aylesbray lodge guest house would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	the booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or a shorter stay ?
5 how about for 3 nights ?	booked ! reference number is: 84esp6f5
6 great i am all set then have a nice day bye	have a nice stay bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre ?	yes there are many in my search for you,can i get what type of food you are looking to eat at the restaurant ?
2 italian food cheap and in the east part of town	there are several cheap italian restaurants in the centre but none in the east
3 actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs what is available at a cheap price ?	in the centre we have charlie chan rice house and golden house that are all quite inexpensive would you like me to book a table at one of them ?
4 yes please i need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on thursday	you have a table at the rice house it will be held for 15 minutes and the reference number is cbkxevpz can i help you further ?
5 no that will be all thanks have a great day	thank you i hope you have a good day as well

#restaurant#
1 know any good bites around here ?	i have a wide range of places i can recommend first why don t i ask if there is an area in the city that you prefer to dine in ?
2 i would like to dine in the south preferably chinese and expensive	we have two in that area there is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck chinese food takeaway" would you like to book a table at one of these options ?
3 can i just get the address for the peking restaurant ?	absolutely - the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre cb28nx can i help with anything else today ?
4 nope that ll do it i m going to go eat ! thanks for your help !	great enjoy your meal ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indonesian food	i m sorry there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food can i help you with something else ?
2 can i have a thai food instead ?	bangkok city is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city
3 address and phone number please	sure bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve thai food
5 no thank you ! i ve got all the info i needed goodbye	thank you

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel that includes free parking please	there are 29 hotels with free parking is there a certain area you would like to stay in so we can narrow the search down some ?
2 i am not particular about the area is there a hotel available that has a 2 star rating ?	there are 2 on the north side and 1 on the east side with 2 star ratings would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes,book me the one on the east side	how many days would you like to book the room for ? starting when ? also for how many people ?
4 i d like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting sunday please	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place ?
5 yes lets try a different one	ok you re booked at the ashley hotel your reference number is: 5uh12mnc is there anything else you need today ?
6 can you please confirm the price for the package	this would be 50022 is there anything else i can help you with ?

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves international food	i m sorry there are no international food restaurants on the south side of town would you like another type of food ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are the peking restaurant which is expensive the good luck chinese food takeaway which is also expensive and the lucky star which is cheap
3 can i have the address of lucky star ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton 01223 244277
4 thank you !	thank you good bye

#attraction#
1 i need information on the town centre	okay i can help with that what information are you looking for ?
2 i want to know what attractions are in the centre please	there are 44 wonderful attractions in the centre area do you have a specific interest in mind or would you like me to make some suggestions ?
3 pick one and i would need the entrance fee and attraction type	i recommend the all saints church it s an architecture attraction and it s free to get in
4 i ll have to check that out thank you that s all the info i needed	okay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food would you like me to check another area ?
2 are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all ?	i m sorry there are none
3 alright can you find me an indian food restaurant instead ?	sure there are 22 indian places in the city do you have a price range you re looking for ?
4 something expensive please	how about the curry garden in the city center ?
5 sounds perfect can you book a table for 3 at 19:15 on thursday ?	i m sorry i was unable to do so would you like to try another restaurant ?
6 yes just make sure it is something in the expensive range	i was able to book you into the curry garden an expensive indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is dhf9vbts
7 okay great that is all i need thank you	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a place to have dinner ?	sure ! what type of food are you looking for and in what area of town ?
2 i d like some good asian oriental food near the centre of town would be great	i found the yippee noodle bar it is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223518111 do you want me to book a table for you ?
3 actually do you have anything that is expensive it s a business meeting so i d like to impress them	there is kymmoy that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table ?
4 yes can you book it for tuesday at 12:00 for 4 people ?	okay i have booked that for you your reference number is 9a4yk0ub is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that is everything that i need thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day	you re very welcome enjoy your dinner !

#train#
1 looking for a train the train should arrive by 09:45 and should depart from cambridge	what is your destination ?
2 i need to go to norwich	how about tr2534 that leaves at 05:36 ?
3 that sounds great ! thanks for all of your help !	you are most welcome !

#hotel#
1 are there any 3-star hotels guesthouses or b&b s that have wifi that you don t have to pay for ?	there are 5 places to stay that match your criteria do you have a pricerange in mind ?
2 no but the hotel should be in the north	i have found the hamilton lodge it is a guesthouse in the north would you like more information about it ?
3 yeah how much does it cost ?	it is listed as moderately priced
4 thanks what is the address and does it have free parking ?	hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road and yes it does have free parking
5 cool thank you i m all set now bye !	thank you for contacting us please let us know if we can be of any further assistance

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves lebanese food	i m sorry but i cannot find any expensive lebanese restaurants
2 can i get the address phone number and area of an italian restaurant ?	how about caffe uno they are in the centre area their address is 32 bridge street city centre and their phone number is 01223 448620
3 perfect thank you !	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 what s available in the centre in the way of cheap places to eat ?	i m showing 15 cheap restaurants in the area do you a preference for a type of food ?
2 no preference would you recommend a restaurant for me ?	how about the dojo noodle bar ? it serves asian oriental food
3 i think that sounds good can you go ahead and book that for me ? i need it for 1 person on wednesday at 14:00 can i also get that reference number ?	there is the dojo noodle bar in the centre would you like me to book a reservation there
4 great yes please do can i get the reference number for that ?	i m sorry i wasn t able to get a table would you like me to try j restaurant with similar cuisine ? or maybe somewhere else ?
5 yes try to book it there and give me the reference number also	i was able to book you at j restaurant the reference number is 1pwmnuik the table will be reserved for 15 minutes
6 thank you for your help that will be all i need for now bye	you are very welcome enjoy your day and your meal on wednesday bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre	i ve found one seafood restaurant in the centre would you like to know more about it ?
2 no that s fine just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on saturday	the restaurant is loch fyne they do not have any availability at that time would you like me to try a different time ?
3 let s try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please	there are 5 expensive restaurants in the centre one serves african one serves asian and three serve british which would you prefer ?
4 the african restaurant sounds great can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this saturday ?	i have your reservation made for bedouin on saturday for 2 people at 13:00
5 may i have the reference number for that reservation	the reference number is ch13iby4 anything else i can help you with ?
6 thank you so much that is all i need	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	i have found two they are da vinci pizzeria and royal spice
2 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707 do you need anymore information ?
3 no that will do thanks	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge	where are you traveling to ?
2 i am going to kings lynn	do you need to arrive or depart by a specific time ?
3 it should arrive by 09:45	tr4689 is your best bet it will arrive at 8:58 would you like me to book some tickets for you ?
4 what time does it depart ?	it departs at 8:11
5 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	you re very welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i need a vegetarian restaurant	what area would you like ?
2 east part of town	i m sorry there are no vegetarian restaurants in the east part of town
3 is there an indian restaurant in the east part of town ?	yes there are four indian restaurants in the east part of town what price range would you like ?

#hotel#
1 i really hope you can help i need a place to stay in the south with free wifi do you have any recommendations	there are four options available do you have a preference for the price range ?
2 no but i do need a place with free parking	we have ones with free parking in the south in the cheap moderate and expensive range do you have a preference for hotel or guesthouse ?
3 i don t have a preference for the price range or the type of lodging could you recommend one of them to me ?	how about the bridge guest house ? it is moderately priced and has both internet and parking ?
4 i think that is good	would you like me to book a room for you ?
5 no i just need an address and postcode is it a guesthouse or hotel ?	its a guesthouse and its located at 151 hills road the postcode there is cb28rj would you like me to book a room there for you ?
6 no that won t be necessary thank you	was there anything else i could help you with today ?
7 that is all for today thank you	you re welcome have a wonderful day and thank you as well

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food	there are no such restaurants would you like to make another query ?
2 no thank you	we have a couple of italian restaurants in the west would you like information on those ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#attraction#
1 my brother told me about this attraction place called abbey pool and astroturf pitch would you be able to tell me where it is ?	yes abbey pool and astroturf pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town what other information would you like ?
2 could you tell me the entrance fee for that ?	i m sorry i don t have that information you could call them at 01223902088 and ask though can i help you with anything else ?
3 no thanks i think that will take care of it have a good night !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#train#
1 hi i m looking for a train from ely to cambridge if there is one	okay what day do you want to leave ?
2 i would like to leave on sunday	how about tr9382 ?
3 well i need to leave after 14:45 so if it is after that time that ll work	tr9823 will leave at 15:35 how does that sound ?
4 i think that ll work i need to reserve two seats can you help me with that ?	booking was successful the total fee is 7.04 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 6nja0v8r
5 thank you that s all i need for now !	you re very welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town please	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i don t care	i recommend rajmahal they serve great indian food would you like their contact information ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number please	rajmahal is located at 7 barnwell road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 244955 will that be all ?
4 yes thank you	you re welcome thank you for using the sytem

#hotel#
1 i am visiting and need a hotel in the north	ow about ashbury lodge guesthouse it is moderately priced and located at 82 arbury road cb4 2je (phone: 01223364319)
2 does this guesthouse include free wifi ?	it has internet access
3 then thats good for me	is there anything else ?
4 no that s all thanks good bye	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food	there are no restaurants moderately priced that serves mexican food
2 how about international food ?	bloomsbury restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant that serves international food in the centre part of town
3 what is their address and postcode ?	there address is crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and the post code is cb23dt is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
5 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the system

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre	i m sorry there are no moroccan restaurants located in the centre can i help you find something else ?
2 is there an international restaurant in the city centre ?	there are two international restaurants in the centre area the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant both moderately priced would you like me to book you for either one ?
3 could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday ?	you are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant your reference number az9ll6mu do you need help with anything else ?
4 no i think that will be all thank you for your help	you are welcome i hope you enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for indian food in the north part of town	there are two restaurants serving indian food in the north part of town what price range do you want ?
2 i don t care however i would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant located at victoria avenue chesterton their number is 01733 553355 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that will arrive at 20:45 and leaving on sunday	certainly where are you traveling from ?
2 cambridge and i need it go to bishops stortford	there are several trains that will get you there on time what time do you hope to leave ?
3 i don t care i just want to arrive at 20:45	ask for one option below trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr6572 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 05:29 06:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes tr8095 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 07:29 08:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes tr9904 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 09:29 10:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes tr0007 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 11:29 12:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes tr2402 cambridge bishops stortford sunday 13:29 14:07 8.08 pounds 38 minutes
4 can i please speak with the manager ? giving me all this information at once is not helpful	i m sorry train tr9904 runs from cambridge to bishops stortford on sunday and arrives at 10:07 will that work for you ?
5 yes could you please give me the travel time and departure time ?	tr9904 leaves at 09:29 and takes 38 minutes
6 thanks that is all i need good bye	thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a nice italian restaurant nothing too expensive...like mid range ?	i have listing for 5 different ones,can i get what area you are looking for ?
2 i don t care about the area could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on sunday ?	okay i have booked you at pizza express with reference number nk86vojy may i help with anything else ?
3 nope i think that will do it thank you so much !	you are welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north may i suggest the nirala which is indian ?
2 what is the phone number and food of one of them ?	the nirala serves indian food it is in the moderate price range and it is on the north part of town the phone number is 01223 360966
3 thank you goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food	sorry but there is not matching restaurants serving international food in the west
2 is there any restaurant in the east that serves international food ?	yes the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east part of town
3 can i have the phone number please	there phone number is 01223812660 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all thank you	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay on the east side	i found seven results ! what price range are you looking for ?
2 i am looking in the lower range	sure i have 3 guesthouses that might work for you they re all 4 stars with free wifi and parking does that sound good ?
3 a place on the east side with 4 stars and free wifi sounds perfect ! can i get the address price range and postcode for one of those ?	sure there s the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane cb13js the number there is 01223210353 anything else ?
4 thank you what is the price range ?	the allenbell is cheap anything else ?
5 no that s it thanks !	thank you ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food	there are no british restaurants in the north part of town shall i search for something else ?
2 yes i d like the address phone number and price range of the best indian restaurant there is	royal spice is an indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like their address ?
3 of course !	their address is victoria avenue chesterton postal code c.b 4 1 eh what else can i do for you ?
4 that s it thank you	thank yo and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves portuguese food	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town
2 what is the phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is cambridge leisure park clifton way will that be all ?
3 bye	goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train leaving cambridge i have to arrive by 20:15	what is your destination and at what time would you like to leave ?
2 to birmingham new street on wednesday	tr0115 will be departing at 05:01 and arrive at 07:44 would you like me to book that for you ?
3 can you give me the total travel time ?	the total duration is 163 minutes will you be needing tickets ?
4 not today i think i may book at the station that is all for today thank you so much !	your welcome please feel free to contact us anytime !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a malaysian restaurant on the north side of town	i m sorry i don t show any results for malaysian restaurants on the north side of town would you like me to search any other areas ?
2 no how about a french restaurant instead ?	how about restaurant two two at 22 chesterton road chesterton
3 phone number please	their phone number is 01223 351880
4 thanks goodbye !	you re quite welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to eat i would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre	i found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre what type of cuisine would you like ?
2 i m looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food	i have found two restaurants one is la mimosa and the other is shiraz restaurant would you like me to book one for you ?
3 please book the one is la mimosa	can i please get the number of people dining,day,and time please
4 yes it s for 8 people 16:45 on monday i would like the reference number if it is available	that wasn t available shall i try the shiraz restaurant ?
5 yes please try the shiraz restaurant	you ve got a table for monday at shiraz restaurant your reference number is ns7mcm5b can i help with anything else today ?
6 that will be all thank you very much	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge

#train#
1 i need to get a train out of cambridge	your looking at the trainid of tr5767 or tr2000 depending on your time
2 the train should go to stansted airport and should arrive by 21:30	what day of the week are you looking at traveling ?
3 i would like to leave on tuesday	these three could help trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr1656 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 05:40 06:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes tr1951 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 06:40 07:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes tr0684 cambridge stansted airport tuesday 07:40 08:08 10.10 pounds 28 minutes
4 thank you for your help book for me 5 seats and get me the reference numberes	i m sorry could you confirm which train you wanted to book seats on ? there were 3 choices given to you
5 whichever train goes to stansted airport tuesday from cabridge arriving closest to 21:30	booking was successful the total fee is 50.5 gbp payable at the station reference number is : gmybpe6f
6 thanks for that i don t need anything more today	ok enjoy your day

#attraction#
1 can you help me find a place to go in the west section of town ? i would like to go to an architecture attraction	there are no matches for an architecture attraction in the west part of town would you like me to search another area ?
2 what about a type of college ?	magdalene college clare hall and churchill college are all colleges in the west with free entrance fees
3 the churchill college is fine can i have the phone number please ?	the phone number is 01223336233 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes what is the postcode for churchill college ?	the postcode is cb30ds anything else i can assist you with ?
5 no that is all i needed thanks	you re very welcome thank you and goodbye !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a room for when i visit next week ?	i would be more than happy to are you looking for a hotel in a particular part of town ?
2 north please i would also like it to include free parking	there are several to choose from would you like a hotel or a guestroom ?
3 i d like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range please	there aren t any hotels that have both internet and parking would a guesthouse suit your needs ?
4 yes a guesthouse would be fine	how about the acorn guest house ? it has free internet and parking four stars and is in the moderate price range ? shall i book that for you ?
5 no can you just give me the address ?	sure the address is 154 chesterton road and the postcode is cb41da
6 great thanks that is all i need bye	thank you for using our service & have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves polish food	there are no cheap restaurants that serve polish food
2 how about a portuguese one ?	so you would like recommendations for a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food ?
3 yes please	there are two restaurants that serve portuguese food and in the cheap price range would you like the center or south area ?

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a hotel with free parking ?	there are 8 hotels with free parking do you prefer a specific area in town ?
2 north area of town	there are two hotels in that area with free parking: ashley hotel and the lovell lodge would you like to book either of those ?
3 actually i d like a guest house	how about hamilton lodge ? it sounds lovely
4 is it moderately priced ? area actually doesn t matter as long as it is a 3 star moderately priced guest house	it is moderate price would you like more info or a booking ?
5 yes and i would also like the address ?	hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road postcode cb41da would you like to make a reservation ?
6 no that won t be necessary thanks for your help	you are welcome do you need any more information or do you have any transportation needs ?
7 nope that s it thanks again	you re very welcome have a great time

#restaurant#
1 i want to have some afghan food	sorry no matches found
2 is there any chinese restaurants in the area ?	there are many chinese restaurants what price range are you looking for ?
3 moderate price range	would you like something in the north or centre of town ?
4 i don t care	jinling noodle bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
5 please give me their number too	jinling noodle bar s number is 01223 566188 would you like the address ?
6 what type of food do they serve ?	jinling noodle bar is a nice chinese restaurant
7 no thank you goodbye	okay goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for irish food that is cheap i will need their phone number too	there are no irish restaurants in the cheap price range would you like something else ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	the only restaurant meeting your criteria is thanh binh in the west their phone number is 01223 362456

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	i have found several would you like british indian gastropub or chinese ?
2 is there anything else ?	there are no other types of expensive restaurants in the east would you like to try another area ?
3 no that s okay what chinese restaurants are there on the east side ?	yu garden is on the east side would you like the phone number ?
4 is there another chinese restaurant in the east ?	yu garden is the only chinese restaurant on the east side of town in the expensive price range
5 what is the phone number for yu garden ?	the phone number for yu garden is 01223 248882 may i help you with anything else ?
6 no i think that s it thank you for your help	you are very welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi how are you ? can you help me find an expensive place to stay that includes free wifi ?	we have 5 such places ! any preference on area ?
2 yes i need a hotel in the north close to the airport thanks	unfortunately there are no expensive hotels in the north that include free wifi would you like to change your criteria ?
3 well can you check in other areas ?	i recommend either the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west or the university arms hotel in the centre would one of them work for you ?
4 could you give me the phone number of the marriott please ?	the phone number for the huntingdon marriott hotel is 01480446000 is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
5 that s all thank you !	you re very welcome have a wonderful stay !

#hotel#
1 i want to stay at a guest house in the south	yes i have two in the moderate price range and on in the cheap price range any preference ?
2 i will need free internet	they all have free internet would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes please book 4 people for 5 nights starting thursday	i was able to get a room for you at aylesbray lodge your reference number is bb07ctao anything else ?
4 no that is all thanks !	have a great day !
5 you too thank you ! goodbye	if you need further help let us know bye thank you

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the south please	there are two restaurants in the south area pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european would you like more information ?
2 i would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please	pizza hut cherry hinton is at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and its number is 01223 323737
3 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for pizza hut cherry hinton is c.b.1 7 d.y
4 thank you that ll be all !	thank you and good bye

#train#
1 i need a train from peterborough	where are you headed and what day and time did you need to leave ?
2 i am going to cambridge and leaving after 8:00 on friday	sure i have tr6496 departing at 08:19 arriving at 09:09 with a duration of 50 minutes the cost is 16.50 pounds would that work for you ?
3 yes please book it for 5 people and give me a reference number	booking was successful the total fee is 82.5 gbp payable at the station the feference number is : mfchf1yv can i help with anything else ?
4 i think that takes care of everything thanks !	great i m glad i could help ! please consider using our service again the future goodbye

#hotel#
1 greetings ! i m looking for the worth house i heard it s in cambridge	yes it is in the north and is a cheap 4 star guesthouse would you like to make a reservation ?
2 no thank you do they have free wifi ?	yes they have free wifi would you like to book the hotel now ?
3 yes i would like to book the hotel now	how many people will be staying ? also when would you like to check in ?
4 sure just me monday at 12:00 is fine	how many nights will you be staying ?
5 just monday night	sure anything else i can do for you
6 what area is the hotel in ?	the worth house is in the north
7 what is the price range of that hotel ?	worth house is in the cheap price range would you like any more information ?
8 nope that s all thanks bye !	thank you we ll be happy to help you with your future travel needs

#restaurant#
1 looking for barbeque food	there is not a barbeque restaurant listed may i have you find a different restaurant ?
2 how about gastropub ?	there are four gastropub restaurants i recommend the cow pizza kitchen and bar which is in the center and moderately priced
3 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is corn exchange street and their phone number is 01223 308871
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 i m in need of a train leaving tuesday from peterborough can you help me find one ?	sure i can put you on tr5042 which leaves for cambridge at 5:19 how many tickets do you need ?
2 one ticket just for myself though i need to arrive by 09:45	your booking was successful with a reference number of 5xo1yf9y and a fee of 16.5 gbp is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 that s all i need thanks	you re welcome have a great trip !
4 thanks can you just confirm for me when i will arrive in cambridge ?	sure you will arrive in cambridge at 06:09 may i help with anything else ?
5 no that will be all thank you	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night	we dont have any one star hotels
2 the hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi	i have the cambridge belfry it is cheap and has wifi would you like me to book it for you ?
3 is it a 4 star place ?	it is a 4 star hotel
4 sure please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from saturday	booking was successful reference number is : xq9ki92a
5 thank you for your help	thank you for using our services do you need further assistance ?
6 no i am done for the day thanks again bye !	thank you for calling have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i needed information about a particular restaurant	i can help with that what is the name of the restaurant ?
2 pizza hut cherry hinton can you provide me with the area they are located in ?	yes they are in the south area
3 that is all i need thank you and good bye	your welcome thank you for calling the cambridge township centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves indian food	hello i have a bunch of options for you do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in ?
2 i am looking for an indian restaurant in the west	what price range are you interested in ?
3 the restaurant should be in the expensive price range	maharajah tandoori restaurant on 41518 castle street city centre is a good fit for you

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food	what area of town are you looking at ?
2 i don t care	we have four restaurant in the cheap price serving chinese food can i help you with anything else ?
3 yes please i want the address and phone number of anyone of them	charlie chan is located at regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 361763 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking ?	hello yes there are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with parking what price range are you looking for ?
2 i am looking for a place with free wifi as well price doesn t matter yet	all 6 have free wifi included
3 sounds promising what type of hotel are the ones you found ?	they re mostly guesthouses and one hotel
4 can i get more information on the hotel ?	the hotel is express by holiday inn cambridge it is in the east and in the expensive price range it includes free internet and parking shall i book it ?
5 no thanks i actually have all the information i need thanks for your help !	you re welcome is there anything else i can do for you today ?
6 no i have all of the information i need now thanks to you	great ! have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking	there are 3 hotels which fit your needs one is cheap and 2 are expensive do you have a preference ?
2 yes i would like a cheap guesthouse	there are several guesthouses that meet your criteria is there a particular part of town you wish to stay ?
3 no but i am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 2 nights could you see who has room for us ?	would you like to try the alexander bed and breakfast first ?
4 yes that would be fine	all right and can you tell me which day you ll be beginning your stay ?
5 we ll arrive on monday and stay 2 nights there will be 8 of us	you are all set at the alexander b & b reference number m95xhcdt can i find anything else for you today ?
6 wonderful thank you i am all set bye	thank you let us know if you need anything else good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town	la margherita is an italian restaurant located in the west part of town in the cheap price range
2 may i have the address and phone number ?	the address is 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
3 thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range	i have two restaurants that meet your requirements do you have a cuisine preference ?
2 i would like italian food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
3 i don t care	nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving portuguese food would you like their phone number ?
4 yes also i will need their address	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way would you also like the phone number ?
5 yes please give me their number	the phone number for nandos is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thanks i ll head to nandos now goodbye	have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town	i have found one called the missing sock would you like the information for it ?
2 yes please what is its phone number and price range ?	the phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a cheap restaurant
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a chinese restaurant in city centre	how does charlie chan s sound ?
2 is that in the expensive price range ?	no charlin chan is a cheap place the ugly duckling is an expensive chinese restaurant though is that what you would like ?
3 could i have their phone number and address ?	i m sorry the ugly duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 st johns street city centre
4 do you have any other options for expensive chinese and can you make sure that have a number and address listed as well	sure the tang chinese is also an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01223357187 is there anything else that i can help you with ?
5 i d like their address please	they are located at napier street city centre
6 okay thanks that s all i need	thank you have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 what fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town ?	not sure about fancy but if you are looking for expensive we have grafton hotel restaurant yu garden royal standard pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori
2 do any of them serve chinese food ? that s what i m in the mood for	yes ! yu garden is a wonderful chinese restaurant that will meet your needs would you like a table there or perhaps just the address ?
3 yes the address postcode and phone number would help	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton the post code is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882
4 thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all i need thanks	you are welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i d like a train to ely that leaves wednesday	easy enough where is your departure point ?
2 cambridge i would like to leave after 15:30 if possible	tr6745 departs cambridge at 15:50 wednesday arriving at ely at 16:07 will that one work for you ? it s only 4.40 gbp to ride
3 great can i book that for 8 people and get a reference number please ?	you are booked for 8 seats on tr6745 leaving cambridge wednesday at 17:50 reference # is ocwicaxz and you can pay at the station 4.40 pounds each
4 thank you that s is all i need goodbye	welcome have a lovely day

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the east part of town it serves chinese food what is the address phone number and postcode ?	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east part of town their address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton phone number 01223 248882 and postcode c.b 5 8 pa
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you recommend a place to stay that has free wifi ? i need something in the moderate price range	i have got quite a few that should suit your needs is there a preference on what area of town you stay ? that might help narrow down the options
2 in the centre please also free parking	unfortunately i am not finding anything that meets all of your requirements would you mind if i searched another area of town ?
3 can you see if there s anything in the east ?	the carolina bed and breakfast and the warkworth house they both have free wifi and parking and they both fall in the moderate price range do either of these sound good ?
4 great can you give me the phone number and address for the warkworth house ? also is it a guest room ?	yes it is a guesthouse and their phone number is 122 336 3682
5 can i have the address of the hotel ?	the address is warkworth terrace
6 thank you very much !	you re welcome what else can i do for you ?
7 nothing thank you that s all i need have a nice day !	excellent ! i hope the hotel is a pleasure

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i m searching for a panasian restaurant in the south part of town	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to find another restaurant ?
2 are there any indian restaurants in the south part of town ?	taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town
3 what is the phone number of taj tandoori ?	the phone number is 01223 412299
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for restaurants in the north part of town	which price range are you looking in ?
2 i d like a cheap restaurant what types of food are available with those parameters ?	italian and indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town would you like more information ?
3 can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap indian restaurant in the north ?	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north it s phone number is 017-335-3355
4 how much is the average dish ?	i am sorry sir this information is not available to us is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	have a good evening

#attraction#
1 hi i am looking to go see a college while in cambridge can you tell me about any of them ?	i d be happy to any preference on location ?
2 nope just tell me the area where your favorite is located and i ll check it out !	how about churchill college ? it s in the west
3 that sounds perfect thanks so much !	it s located on storey s way do you need any more info on it ?
4 no i am familiar with the area thanks for your help bye	okay enjoy your visit ! bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant called graffiti	graffiti is an expensive british restaurant in the west would you like me to book it for you ?
2 yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 15:30 please	i m sorry that booking was unsuccessful shall i try for another day or time ?
3 that s too bad please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive	okay i ve booked you at travellers rest which also serves british food your reference number is foejzbzi anything else i can help with ?
4 that is all thanks	have a good day
5 thank you you too	thank you and enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre	i show up to fifteen possibilities will you tell me your food preference ? this will limit our search slightly
2 i like greek food	i see several cheap restaurants in the area one is mediterranean it is called the gardenia
3 just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 17:15	okay i have booked a table for 1 on wednesday at 1715 at gardenia

#restaurant#
1 can you find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food ?	sorry looks like there aren t any venetian restaurants that are expensive would you like something else ?
2 yes i would be interested in one that serves chinese food where would you recommend ?	the "yu garden" is a nice place

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant	there are two gastropub s in the centre of town in the expensive price range would you like me to book one ?
2 yeah i need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please	would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east ?
3 the center of town would be best	your reservations are complete at the backstreet bistro your reference number is 7h01dzw5
4 thank you so much i don t think i need anything further	you re welcome i hope you enjoy your meal feel free to call us again if you need anything else goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre ?	yes i have several chinese and asian restaurants do any of these interest you ?
2 yes i would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on saturday	ok i was able to get you a table at dojo noodle bar the reference number is t5aaepl9 and they ll hold the table for 15 minutes is that good ?
3 yes thank you	will you be needing anything else today ?
4 no thank you	glad that i could help enjoy your visit don t hesitate to contact me if you need anything else goodbye

#restaurant#
1 could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food ?	sure thing ! where are you located ?
2 i don t care what part of town the restaurant is in	how about shiraz restaurant ?
3 what is their phone number and post code ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 d.p and their phone number is 01223307581
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food	i did not find any restaurants with that criteria do you want to change the area ?
2 will you look for indian food in the east ?	how about curry prince ? it is indian food
3 perfect ! i would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on tuesday	i was unable to complete your booking would you like to try another day or time slot ?
4 would 15:00 on the same day work ?	the booking was successful for tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2 your reference number is h2voxsp6 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thanks !	you are welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving thai food	there are two thai locations would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or west part of town ?
2 i don t care	sala thong is an expensive thai restaurant in the west would you like their information ?
3 yes please may i have their address and phone number ?	sala thong is located at 35 newnham road newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 that is all thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking do you know of any ?	there are 21 guesthouses with free parking what are your preferences for area or price range so i can narrow the search ?
2 i don t care what the price is but do you have anything in the east ?	i have 5 hotels in the east three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced would you like me to book one of those for you ?
3 yes find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights we ll be arriving on monday	would you prefer one with free internet ?
4 that doesn t matter to me	okay i ve booked you at autumn house with reference number 6ospysh1 may i help with anything else ?
5 that s all i need right now thank you for your help good bye	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	there are two choices in the south part of town with moderate price one is pizza hut cherry hinton which is italian food and the other is restaurant alimentum which is modern european food
2 what is the address and phone number of alimentum ?	restaurant alimentum is located at 152 - 154 hills road and the phone number is 01223 413000
3 thank you very much good bye	you re very welcome good bye

#attraction#
1 i would like to go to a park in the center of town	there is the cambridge university botanic gardens which is a park will this work for you ?
2 yes what is the address and phone number ?	their address is bateman street and phone number is 01223336265 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that would be all thanks !	sure have a great day bye

#restaurant#
1 i don t care about price range find me an european food restaurant please	cambridge lodge restaurant is a restaurant that serves european food would you like more information ?
2 what ids the address and phone number ?	thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 great ! thank you very much	thank you bye
4 good bye	good day !
5 good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train leaving peterborough arriving by 8:30	there are 35 trains do you have a destination and day ?
2 yes i m headed to cambridge on wednesday	tr8935 leaves at 7:19 and will arrive at 8:09 would you like me to book it ?
3 can you also tell me the travel time ?	duration for this particular trip is 50 minutes
4 ok that is all the information i need i can t book it quite yet thanks for all of your help have a nice day	you re welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 do you have any details for jesus green outdoor pool ?	yes which details would you like to have ?
2 i d like the attraction type phone number and entrance fee please	the jesus green outdoor pool is a swimmingpool on the north end of the city we don t have any information regarding their entrance fee but their phone number if 01223302579
3 alright that s all thank you	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner	i have several high end options available did you have a preference on the type of cuisine ?
2 no i don t have a preference	then may i recommend restaurant two two it is french and tre manufique ! would you like to make reservations ?
3 have you eaten there ?	yes would you like to book a table ?
4 sure can you please book a table for four in the evening	i would be happy to make you a reservation first i will need to know what day and time you d like to reserve for
5 for 4 people at 13:45 on saturday i d also like the booking reference number please	ok i have booked your reservation the reference number is rbbhgyrv
6 great thanks a lot !	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
7 no that s all thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town	do you have a particular food type in mind today ?
2 any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 great can i please have their address and postcode ?	meghna is at 205 victoria road chesterton and the postal code is c.b 4 3 lf can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town	there are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town do you have another cuisine or area preference ?
2 are there any international restaurants in the centre ?	there are two international restaurants in the centre area both moderately priced would you like their addresses ?
3 i don t care	may i recommend bloomsbury restaurant which is an international restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced ?
4 what is the phone number and price range ?	bloomsbury restaurant is moderately priced and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180
5 thank you that sounds good	thank you for using our system would you like anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town	there are 5 restaurants that meet your criteria can i interest you in asia chinese european or french cuisine ?
2 no i really prefer indian if possible	i m sorry there are no expensive indian restaurants on the north side
3 aww that s too bad hmm can you see if there is an expensive asian oriental restaurant on the north side ?	there is saigon city would you like me to book a table for 2 ?
4 that sounds good i want to book a table for 5 people on saturday at 17:45	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : hno7wymg is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that was all i needed thank you so much goodbye !	have a great time good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves russian food	there are no russian restaurants in the centre of town would you like something else ?
2 yes please is there any restaurant serve british food ?	there is one moderately priced british restaurant and one expensive restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 no what is the address and phone number ?	fitzbillies restaurant s phone number is 01223 352500 their address is 51 trumpington street city centre
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food	i m sorry there are no locations serving tuscan food on the north side town
2 how about chinese type of food ?	yes there are 3 chinese restaurants in the north what price range would you prefer ?
3 price doesn t matter suggest one please	golden wok serves chinese food and is located in the north part of town
4 thank you goodbye !	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train	i d be happy to help you with that can you tell me your departure location and where you are headed to ?
2 i am looking to go to london kings cross and depart from cambridge	there are 70 trains making that trip do you have a day or time ?
3 i ll be leaving on friday after 12:45	the tr3685 leaves just 15 minutes later at 13:00
4 that sounds great i ll get back to you when i decide on the booking have a nice day bye	you re welcome ! have a great day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town	i ve found a lot of restaurants in the centre is there a specific type of food you re looking for ?
2 it should serve portuguese food in the cheap price range	nandos city centre is your place would you like to book ?
3 yes i need a table for two on wednesday	what time on wednesday would you like ?
4 book it for 15:30 please	that time is not available.would you like a different time ?

#restaurant#
1 i want english food	please tell me the price range you would like today
2 i don t care	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving english food near your area
3 how about italian food then please give me phone number and postcode please	ask serves italian food is in the center of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is c.b 2 1 uf
4 thank you good bye	thank you and good bye

#hotel#
1 i would like to book a room at the worth house	ok for how many nights ?
2 1 person for 3 nights please i ll arrive on tuesday	great ! your booking number is de8soffl how else can i help ?
3 thanks that is all i need	you re very welcome ! have fun !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre ?	sure ! are you looking for any particular type of food such as african british chinese etc ?
2 no type of food but i d like it to be in the moderate range please	great i have yippee noodle bar that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes there are five of us for monday at 19:45 please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : sopggcup
4 thank you for your help	you are more than welcome !
5 great towninfo service goodbye	you re more than welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 hey i m trying to find a restaurant called taj tandoori what do you know about that ?	i show the taj tandoori located in the south they serve indian style cuisine and are in the expensive price range may i book a table for you ?
2 yes please i would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday	i m sorry but there wasn t a table available at that time would you like to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please if you could find one similar to taj tandoori that would be perfect	i m sorry taj tandoori is the only indian cuisine available in the south would you like to try a different cuisine ?
4 sure but let s try to keep it in the same area and price range please	i booked a table for you at peking restaurant reference number is xpe4eogj anything else today ?
5 okay that is all i need at the moment	okay enjoy your dining experience

#restaurant#
1 hello please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food	there are no restaurants that meet that criteria would you like me to look for polish food in another area ?
2 yes please i would just need it to be in the cheap price range	i do not have any polish restaurants in the cheap price range would you like a different restaurant or cuisine ?
3 yes let s try italian food	great da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north would you like me to make a reservation there ?
4 book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on saturday	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another cuisine or different area ?
5 i d like a restaurant in the same area and price range it doesn t matter what cuisine	booking was successful at royal spice the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : kejqjlss
6 thank you that was all i needed	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of cambridge	i have an italian place and a vietnamese which would you prefer ?
2 i would actually prefer some cheap lebanese food if possible ?	i am sorry i have no results for restaurants serving lebanese food in the west would you like to find another type of cuisine ?
3 ok maybe we can try the vietnamese one you mentioned	okay would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 um i think i ll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks	the vietnamese restaurant is called thanh binh and is located in the cb30af postcode is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 nope that is all i needed thank you so much !	thank you for choosing cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced thank you	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese food restaurant in the north part of town their number is 01223 350688
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
3 thank you goodbye	good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food	there are two restaurants serving spanish food in the cheap and moderate price range which price range would you prefer ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves lebanese food	ali baba serves lebanese food would you like the location information ?
3 yes please i would like the address and phone number	the phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 hills road city centre can i help you with anything else today ?
4 thank you no that s all i need goodbye !	thanks for using cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 where can i get swiss food in town ?	there are no venues serving swiss food
2 how about indian food ? can i have the address and phone number ?	cocum serves indian food its address is 71 castle street city centre and the phone number is 01223 366668 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 there s a place i ve heard of that i m looking for more details warkworth house do you know of it ?	the warkworth house is a 4-star guesthouse in the east that is moderately priced would you like me to book it for you ?
2 book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from sunday	booking was successful reference number is : sngz3n0d
3 thank you for your help !	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti ?	graffiti is a british restaurant on hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road would you like more information or a reservation ?
2 i would like to book a table for 2 for wednesday please	i can absolutely do that for you what time would you like me to make that reservation for ?
3 at 14:00 please	i am sorry they do not have a table at that time perhaps another restaurant ?
4 are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range ?	i booked travellers rest for you it is also an expensive british restaurant reference number 1jyrfrt0 will that be all for today ?
5 if travellers rest is in the same area as grafitti then that will be all thank you for your help !	enjoy the rest fo your day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food	i am sorry there no restaurants matching what you want is there anything else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	would you like something in the expensive or cheap price range ?
3 cheap i think	the lucky star serves chinese food is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
4 what is the address ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
6 goodbye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi have you heard of the j restaurant ? i d like some information about it	it s a cheap asian oriental restaurant located in the centre area of town would you like to book a table ?
2 no thanks that s all i needed to know	sure is there anything else i can do for you before we go ?
3 no that should do it later	have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock serves international cuisine at a cheap price they are in the east part of town at finders corner newmarket road
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the missing sock s phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is c b 25 9 a q is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you	thank you for using our system is that all you need today ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn t cost a lot of money in fact i need one that s quite inexpensive	nandos is a nice place it serves portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town is there anything else ?
2 yes what is there address	nandos s address is cambridge leisure park clifton way c.b 1 7 d.y
3 thank you good bye	goodbye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train departing from ely	on what day do you wish to travel and to what destination ?
2 i d like to travel to cambridge on wednesday but i don t want to leave before noon	i have a train to cambridge leaving ely at 13:35 will this work for you ?
3 that should work i need booking for 2 people and i will need the reference number please	i have booked two spots for you the reference number is iu3f4fkv
4 wonderful thank you	you re welcome is there anything else you may need ?
5 thanks that s all good bye	alright have a great day bye now !

#hotel#
1 could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse	i found acorn guest house would that work for you ?
2 yes will you please make me a reservation ?	sure when will you check in and how long would you like to stay for ? will it be just for yourself ?
3 it s going to be for 8 people and 2 nights starting thursday	i m afraid that isn t available could you book a different arrival day or a shorter stay ?
4 what about for just one night ?	the booking is successful for 1 night the reference number is nna3oc5w may i help you with anything else ?
5 that is all ! thanks !	it was my pleasure thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	there are two restaurants that fit your criteria would you prefer italian or indian food ?
2 let s try indian please	royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and in the north part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what is the name of the italian restaurant ?	da vinci pizzeria
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for da vinci pizzeria is 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
5 thanks so much !	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving indian food	there are 4 places serving indian food in the moderate price range do you have a preferred area to dine at ?
2 the west	i have narrowed it down to meghna which serves indian food would you like me to book this for you ?
3 yes could you please make a reservation for saturday for 7 people at 15:00 ?	sorry that time slot doesn t work for what you would like would you like to change the day or time ?
4 how about 14:00 then ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : nr6vpa82
5 excellent that s all i need thank you !	thank you so much have a great day !
6 could you repeat the reference number please	reference number is : nr6vpa82
7 thanks again for all your help	you are very welcome feel free to call again in the future have a great morning

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced indian food please	i have 4 different indian restaurants all over the city is there a certain area you prefer ?
2 how about the west ? i will need a table for 4 on friday at 13:15	the only moderate indian restaurant in that area is meghna and they are not available for that time can i try something else ?
3 is there anything available for 12:15 on friday ?	yes that worked you are set for 12:15 and the reference number is abc08p2a can i be of further assistance ?
4 i will need a taxi to take me there	can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so i can book your taxi ?
5 nevermind i m sorry i think i m all set	alrighty have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i m trying to find a restaurant that serves swiss food can you recommend anything to me ?	unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve swiss food in this area would you consider trying a different cuisine ?
2 oh okay what are my choices for british food then ?	there are several restaurants that serve british food in this area cotto has great food in a moderate price range it is located at 183 east road city centre
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 302010
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking to find a guesthouse with free wifi for the night	i d be happy to help with your request to help narrow down the results what area are you looking to stay in ?
2 i d like to stay in cambridge centre	when would you like to move into the guest house
3 starting on monday please	for how many days would you like this reservation ?
4 i plan to stay for 3 nights	booking was unsuccessful please book another day or a shorter stay
5 alright enjoyed your services keep that up	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i want british food that is moderately priced	there are several restaurants serving british food would you prefer the centre or west part of town ?
2 how about the west part of town	saint johns chop house matches your request it is located at 21-24 northampton street c.b 3 0 a.d the phone number is 01223 353110
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food	i apologize but i was not able to find a moderately priced bistro would you be interested in a different type of restaurant ?
2 how about one that serves british food then ?	i have found a few british restaurants in your price range do you want a specific part of town ?
3 no could you recommend me a place ? i m looking for to book a table for 2 on thursday at 11:30	okay i ve booked you at the oak bistro with reference number anamhnow may i help with anything else ?
4 no thank you it s perfect thank you for your help	have a great day

#train#
1 hello there can you please find me a train schedule that leaves on wednesday heading for cambridge ?	yeah i can do that where are you heading in from ?
2 i d like to leave from broxbourne sometime after 12:30	i have 12 available trains the first leaves at 12:32 and arrives at 13:32 would you like me to book that for you ?
3 may i have the train id for that one ?	certainly that train id is tr7834
4 what is the travel time ?	travel time will be 60 minutes
5 thank you that is all i will need	perfect ! have a wonderful day !

#train#
1 i need to book a train from leicester to cambridge can you help me with this ?	there are 133 trains making that trip do you have a day and time you would like to travel ?
2 i would like to leave sunday after 15:30 are there still any available>	tr1784 departs leicester at 16:09 would that work for you ?
3 yes please make a booking for 1 and be sure to give me a reference number	you are all set for train tr7472 it will cost 30.24 gbp payable at the station the reference number is cupcjmgo can i help you further ?
4 great that is all i need thank you for your help	you re welcome enjoy your trip
5 thank you so much !	you re very welcome thank you so much for using our service

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant named panahar	ok would you like me to make a reservation at panahar ?
2 yes for five people	ok for what day and time please ?
3 that information is at 13:45 on sunday	the booking was unsuccessful is there another time you would like me to look for ?
4 is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range ?	there are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences are you keen on eating a particular cuisine ?
5 i don t have any preferences pick one you like	i booked you a table in kymmoy they serve asian oriental cuisine your reference number is w8m1hz59
6 thank you ! have a nice day !	you are welcome enjoy your evening !

#train#
1 hi i m looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on friday	no problem where is your departure area and destination ?
2 i need to go to stansted airport and will be departing from cambridge	the closest to 13:45 is 14:40 which is the tr1316 it arrives at stansted airport at 15:08 do you still want to book it ?
3 yes can you book it for 7 people and give me the reference number ?	booked ! reference number is fqb8zksp you will pay 70.7 gbp at the station
4 ok i got it thanks for your help	okay please call us again

#hotel#
1 hi i need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking do you have anything like that ?	yes there are quite a few 4 star hotels with free parking what area would you like to stay in ?
2 thanks i need a 4 star hotel in the east the hotel needs to has free parking	there are some guestrooms that fit those requirements can i book a room at carolina bed and breakfast for you ?
3 i need to book it starting saturday for 3 nights there will be 3 guests	no problem your reference number is u6e0dezr
4 thanks so much that s all i need	i m happy to be of service please don t hesitate to contact us again if you have more questions goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care can i also have the postcode and phone number ?	meghna is in the west part of town and serving indian food the phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is cb43lf is there anything i can help you with ?
3 no that is all thank you goodbye	have a good evening

#restaurant#
1 cheap restaurant in the north address and phone number please	there are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area would you prefer italian or indian ?
2 i would prefer italian	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using cambridge restaurant system good bye

#hotel#
1 could you help me locate the alpha milton guest house ?	yes the alpha-milton is a guest house located in the north ? do you wish for me to make you a reservation ?
2 yes i d like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this saturday	i am sorry they don t have a room available perhaps you would like to try another hotel ?
3 yes can i get a different hotel in the same price range ?	booking for a and b guest house reference number: dle4z450
4 thank you that s all i need	okay glad i could help

#hotel#
1 i need lodgings on the north side of town	i found 13 hotels on the north side of town
2 okay i m looking for a 4 star place and it doesn t need to include internet	is a guesthouse okay ? there are 8 to choose from that have four stars they all have internet though are you interested in booking one of these ?
3 yes which one would you recommend ?	personally i hear good things about the acorn guest house
4 what s the phone number there ?	the phone number is 01223353888 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 can i have their hotel type and price range please ?	certainly the acorn guest house is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north end of town would you like to reserve a room there ?
6 does it have free wifi ?	yes acorn guest house has wifi would you like me to make a reservation ?
7 no thank you that s all i need right now bye	you re so welcome bye !

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre can you help me ?	what type of food are you looking to eat ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range i would like a table for 7 people at 12:30 on wednesday	there are 15 such restaurants i d suggest the dojo noodle bar which serves asian oriental food would that work for you ?
3 yes the dojo noodle bar sounds perfect	booking was unsuccessful want to try another restaurant ?
4 sure find me something else	i was able to book a table for you at charlie chan chinese restaurant on regent street reference number z3fwsa48 will that be all ?
5 yes thank you for your help	yes thank you very much !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range	we have 15 restaurants that fit that price range is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so i can narrow it down a bit more ?
2 how about an indian or thai place ?	there are no thai restaurants there are three indian restaurants called kohinoor the gandhi and mahal of cambridge which one do you prefer ?
3 are there any spanish food restaurants ?	yes there is one called la raza that fits your requests would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 are there any that serve catalan cuisine specifically ?	i m afraid we don t have any catalan restaurants
5 then go ahead and book la raza for me we have 4 people at 17:00 on monday	that restaurant is not available at that time do you want me to try another time ?
6 can you look for a restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i got you booked at the kohinoor your reference number is: 7q9m2vyf is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 okay great ! thank you so much	enjoy the rest of your day

#train#
1 i i m looking for a train the train should depart from cambridge and should go to stevenage	what day would you like to travel ?
2 i need to leave on thursday after 16:30 can you provide me with the train id ?	the first train available is the tr4765 at 17:21 shall i book you a seat ?
3 no thank you that is all i need	thank you for calling the cambridge township centre enjoy your day !

#restaurant#
1 are there any casual restaurants in the south ?	yes would you like an expensive cheap or moderately priced restaurant ?
2 i would like it to be in the moderate price range	i found 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south one serves italian and the other modern european food would you like me to book at one of these ?
3 modern european sounds wonderful yes please book a table for 1 at 14:45 on friday	that wasn t available i did book you in the other one though the pizza hut in cherry hinton is located on clifton way reference number p2o7es3d will that be acceptable ?
4 yes that would be fine thank you for your help today bye	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food	sorry there are no restaurants serving persian food available may i help you find a different sort of food ?
2 vietnamese please give me their address and phone number as well	yes the restaurant name is thanh binh the phone number is 01223 362456 the address is 17 magdalene street city centre

#train#
1 i am trying to find a train leaving after 15:15 to go to broxbourne	tr5694 cambridge broxbourne friday 16:01 17:01 17.90 pounds 60 minutes
2 is there any that are closer to leaving at 15:15 ?	which day were you planning to travel to broxbourne ?
3 i am looking at traveling on sunday	please confirm you are leaving from cambridge if yes tr6870 leaving 16:01 hourly is the closest time 15:01 is too early
4 yes i am leaving from cambrige how long is the travel time ?	booking was successful the total fee is 14.32 gbp payable at the station reference number is : ewsovuhu
5 could you please tell me the train id arrival time and travel time ?	the travel time is 60 minutes
6 i need all three things please train id arrival time and travel time	read the previous lines please ! number tr6870 arrival 17:01 travel time 60 minutes
7 okay thank you for all of your help have a good day now	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay in the expensive range	i found 5 expensive hotels do you have a particular area you would like to stay in ?
2 yes i would like to stay in the west	i have the huntingdon marriott hotel would you like me to book it for you ?
3 is it a 4 star place ?	yes it sure is would you like to reserve a room ?
4 once you find the hotel you want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	booking was successful reference number is : v4bvjwhg is there anything else i can assist you ?
5 that is all for now thank you for your help	thank you and have a nice time

#train#
1 can you help get tickets for a train on tuesday ?	absolutely ! where will you be heading ?
2 i need to go to cambridge from stevenage after 10:45	on tuesday there is a train from stevenage to cambridge at 10:45

#hotel#
1 i am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to can you suggest any ?	there are several nice guesthouses i can recommend are you looking for a specific location ?
2 i don t have a place in mind but i would like for the guesthouse to be on pricier side	i m sorry to say we don t have any expensive guesthouses would you like to try something cheaper ?
3 could you see if there s a hotel that meets my preferences ?	yes there are five such hotels which area of town could you like to stay ?
4 no but i was looking for something with 2 stars	the express by holiday inn cambridge is east area would you like me to book a reservation for you today ?
5 please just give me their postcode	the postcode is cb13lh
6 thank you that s all i need today	thank you if you need anything else let me know.good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi	i have several options for you but how about the acorn guest house ? it is moderately priced and has free wifi as well as parking
2 sure that sounds good can you book that for me please ?	okay i will need to know how many people are staying and the duration please
3 before we continue can you check if the acorn guest house has a star of 4 or not ?	yes certainly i have checked and the acorn is indeed a 4 star hotel would you still like me to book that for you ?
4 yes please for 5 people and 4 nights starting from thursday	great news ! i was able to book you into the acorn hotel for 4 nights accommodating 5 people your reference number is b0wc4956 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thanks	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i m looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food	the missing sock is in the east part of town and it serves international food
2 may i have their phone number please ?	the phone number for the missing sock is 01223 812660
3 okay thank you	is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries	you re welcome good bye
5 goodbye !	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves british food and in the east part of town	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east area
2 what is the address phone number and price range of the grafton hotel restaurant ?	grafton hotel restaurant s address is 619 newmarket road fen ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in the expensive price range
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 heya can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food ?	i actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food there is however an expensive restaurant with african food would that be okay ?
2 are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food ?	yes i have 3 two are located in the centre and one is located in the east do you have a preference ?
3 yes the one in the east please	one in the east is called royal standard can i book a table for you ?
4 yes please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday	i m sorry that isn t available can i try a different restaurant for you ?
5 no thank you that will be all	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
6 that was all thank you	thank you good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on sunday	okay where are you departing from ?
2 i am departing from cambridge	where are you heading to from cambridge ?
3 i m trying to get to broxbourne	train tr8736 leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01
4 perfect please book it for 3 people	i have it booked the reference number is iyhxk218 and the price is 42.96 gbp
5 great thanks for your help	absolutely have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi	i have 32 hotels with free wifi is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in ?
2 no it just needs to be in the moderate price range i prefer guesthouses	i have 14 entries would you like it to have free parking ?
3 that does not matter what ones have availability for 7 people for 2 nights starting on saturday ?	is there a star rating you would prefer to stay at
4 i would like 3 stars or higher please	i have the bridge house south area the hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west which one would you like me to book ?
5 try booking the bridge house please	i m sorry that one is unavailable would you like to try another ?
6 yes please if it s in the same price range	i have the hamilton lodge in the north would you like me to book that one ?
7 yes please and i will need the reference number	i have booked the hamilton lodge for you starting on saturday for 2 nights for 7 people your reference number is 63gdbabk is there anything else i can do for you ?
8 okay great that is all i need	so glad i could help have a great day ! good-bye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive	i am sorry there are no restaurants that serve swedish food in the expensive range would you like to try another type of cuisine ?
2 how about indian or italian then ?	stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a nice place.do you want the address ?

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the west internet is optional	are you looking for it to be cheap or expensive ?
2 i am looking for it to be cheap	i have the cambridge belfry on the west side with internet and parking would you like me to book that for you ?
3 is that a hotel type place to stay ?	yes it is i ll be happy to make a reservation for you
4 alright book that for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday	booking was unsuccessful do you want to find another hotel ?
5 how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	the only cheap hotel i can find is finches bed and breakfast it is a guesthouse though will that be fine ?
6 yes please and i need the reference number	it is done you re reference number is 143zf1m5 can i help you with anything else ?
7 no thank you that is all	okay enjoy your stay then

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food	i cannot find any restaurants serving halal food do you have any other preferences ?
2 how about indian food ?	the cocum serves indian food
3 what is their address and phone number ?	their address is 71 castle street city centre their phone number is 01223 366668
4 is cocum located in the east part of town ?	no the cocum is located on the west part of town would you like me to find an indian restaurant on the east part of town ?
5 correct	i have 4 indian restaurants showing for the east part of town they are curry prince pipasha resteraunt rajmahal and sitar tandoori

#hotel#
1 yes i need a hotel in the moderate price range please	would you like a hotel in the north or the centre ?
2 the north but i do need an actual hotel no guestrooms	i have two hotels available that meet that criteria would you like more information ?
3 yes tell me about those	ashley hotel is 2 stars with free internet and free parking lot
4 what about the other hotel ?	lovell lodge is also two stars in the moderate price range located in the north at 365 milton road it has free parking and wifi
5 could you book me a room at one of those ? i need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday	i was able to book you at the ashley hotel at 74 chesterton road your reference number is : pm69rlxb do you need anything else ?
6 thank you so much that is all i need	enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant please ?	certainly to narrow it down do you have a preference for what part of the city it is in or what type of food is served ?
2 i want one in the certre area and in the moderate price range	i have found some restaurants they serve asian oriental british chinese european gastropub international italian lebanese modern european spanish and turkish
3 i don t care what type of food they serve what would you recommend ?	i ve heard good things about riverside brasserie they serve modern european cuisine would you like to see if they have tables available ?
4 that sounds good i have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on friday	unfortunately i wasn t able to get the reservation for you would you like me to try somewhere else ?
5 can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the centre ?	what about the copper kettle ? they serve british cuisine
6 that would work please book that	good news ! booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : zxiry17r
7 thanks for all your help good bye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an upscale restaurant with european food please	eraina is an an upscale restaurant serving european food
2 is there anything else available ?	yes the cambridge lodge restaurant is also an upscale restaurant serving european food
3 what is there address and area ?	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located is the west part of town at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre is there anything else you need ?
4 no thank you that is all the info i needed	thank you

#hotel#
1 i want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking	i have 10 places matching your request what part of town would you prefer ?
2 north part of town,please	i have the city centre north b and b and the worth house they are both a guesthouse with internet and parking would you like to book one ?
3 lets go with the worth house please can i get it for 5 nights starting monday for 6 people please	i was unable to book that would you like me to try something else ?
4 that would be fine but please stay in the same price range	reference number is : hc73qpex i have you at the city centre north b and b anything else ?
5 no that will be all thanks for your help	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town	what price range are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	unfortunately there are no cantonese restaurants in the north part of town
3 okay then how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the north part of town then ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food and is located in the north part of town would you like their location ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for saigon city is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555
5 thank you for the information bye now	thank you

#hotel#
1 i am looking to stay at a guesthouse with free wfii	allenbell matches those requirements would you like to stay there ?
2 does it include free parking ?	yes it does do you have any other criteria or would you like me to book you a room ?
3 i would like to book it for 2 nights for 2 people starting on saturday	i m sorry your booking was unsuccessful how about acorn guest house ? they also have free internet and parking shall i try booking that for you ?
4 is that in the same price range as the allenbell ? that would work for me	it is in the moderate price range would that work for you ?
5 yes please attempt to book that one for me	great ! i was able to book that for you and your reference number is txv8rust is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 okay great no that will be it	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a good day

#train#
1 i need a train on wednesday	where are you departing from and where is your destination ?
2 i will be departing from cambridge my destination is birmingham new street	i ve got lots of available trains that will get you there do you have a preferred time you want to leave or arrive ?
3 i want to leave after 08:15 arrival isn t that important	i have one leaving cambridge at 9:01 and arriving in birmingham at 11:44 would you like to book this one ?
4 yes would you please provide me with the reference number ?	i have booked you and your reference number is 93nzyrzq
5 thank you so much	thank you for using our system !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the south part of town	i can help you with that do you have a price range ?
2 i don t have a preference i m just looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi	i have 2 locations that match your requirements one is cheap one is moderate which would you prefer ?
3 i guess we can go with the moderately priced one	aylesbray lodge guest house is moderately priced and has free wifi would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 is aylesbray lodge a guesthouse ? if not is there a guesthouse that fits ?	yes it is a guesthouse when would the stay begin and for how long ?
5 i need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting wednesday	booking was successful.your reference number is : 76hg81v6 anything else i can do for you ?

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat someplace with unusual food price is no object what can you suggest ?	i m sorry there is nothing meeting your criteria what other type of cuisine would you like ?
2 hmm i m not sure it needs to be expensive and i really had my heart set on unusual	there are no restaurants anywhere in cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." would you like to broaden your search criteria ?
3 then find a european one	i have 5 european restaurants to choose from i have options in the centre north and west which would you prefer to dine in ?
4 i would like one in the centre area please	how about eraina which serves european food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range ?
5 that sounds good ! can you book a table for 6 people at 12:45 on wednesday ?	that booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is 4oqdti8c is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 i think that is all i need thank you	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap european restaurant please	the river bar steakhouse and grill is in the cheap price range and features a modern european menu
2 what is the address and phone number ?	it is located at quayside off bridge street the phone number is is 01223 301030
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good evening and enjoy

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves mexican food	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the south part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes i d like the address phone number and postcode please	chiquito restaurant bar is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postal code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223400170
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a european restaurant in the west part of town please	the cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the west part of town
2 phone number and address please	the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre their number is 01223 355166 is there anything else i can find for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to eat in town centre	there are 69 different places to choose from what type of food would you like ?
2 it doesn t matter as long as it is cheap	i have 15 restaurants that match your description ? is there a specific cuisine you would like ?
3 i don t care about the cuisine would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on wednesday ?	i made a reservation for you at j restaurant at 86 regent street reference number uwvrjc3m can i help you further today ?
4 that will be all thank you very much for your help	your welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre can you help me ?	i am sorry there are no listings would there be another area i can search for you ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead ?	i have 3 restaurants two are expensive and one is moderate would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on sunday ?	it can not i am sorry shall i try another ?
4 can i get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced ?	how about the oak bistro ? it s a british restaurant in the centre also moderately priced
5 that sounds amazing please try to book that for me	your booking was successful your booking number was 13hisqu8 can i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all i needed have a nice day	thank you you have a good day too

#attraction#
1 i need more information about nusha	nusha is entertainment in the south and their address is unit g6 cambridge leisure park clifton road can i help you with anything else ?
2 can i get the postcode ?	yes the postcode is cb17dy can i help you with anything else today ?
3 thanks i know that nusha is the south but i need the name of the area	sure the area is just known as the south of town but the address is unit g6 cambridge leisure park clifton road and the postcode is cb17dy does that help ?
4 yes it does thanks for the information bye !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range	ok i have 15 options for you in many cuisines do you have a cuisine preference or would you like me to recommend a restaurant ?
2 i don t have a preference what would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number ?	how about the rice house ? it is located at 88 mill road city centre and their number is 01223367755
3 thanks that s all good bye	thank you for using our services is there anything else we can help you with ?

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town	there are 5 options what food type would you like ?
2 what type of cuisine options do i have ?	you can choose between mexican italian indian and chinese
3 i would like mexican i would need a table for 6 at 16:00 on monday	i m sorry but they have no openings at that time care to try a different day or perhaps a different time ?
4 how about 15:00 for 6 people on monday ?	yes i ve successfully booked your reservation for 15:00 anything else ?
5 could i get that reference number ?	yes the reference number is sei1me8k the chiquito restaurant bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00 can i help you with anything else ?
6 thanks ! that will be all for today	you re welcome have a nice day

#hotel#
1 can you find me a guesthouse with free parking ?	i have a few guest house that offer parking is there a certain pricerange you are looking for ?
2 no anything with availability is fine i also don t care if it has internet or not	how about leverton house ? they are located in the east and are cheap
3 i changed my mind about the internet does leverton house have free wifi ?	leverton house has internet would you like help booking a room ?
4 no i just really need the postcode is this a moderate ?	the postcode is cb58rs can i help you with anything else today ?
5 yes what is the price range for leverton house ?	leverton house is in the cheap price range is there any other information i can get for you ?
6 that is all i need for now thanks	it was a pleasure and thank you for contacting us

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for a hotel called eraina can you help ?	eraina is actually a european restaurant not a hotel is that what you were looking for ?
2 sorry yes the restaurant named eraina i would like to book a reservation for tuesday 15:15 for 1 person	there appears to be no availability at that time would you prefer a different restaurant ?
3 how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in that area,do you want me to check on another area ?
4 no could you double check that ? i want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the eraina type of food doesn t matter	i have an asian restaurant called kymmoy that is in the same price range would you be interested ?
5 yes will you see if you can book a table for me ? and give me the reference number if you can ?	booked ! reference number: pleil8mj will be held for 15 minutes
6 wonderful thank you so much for your assistance	thank you and enjoy your meal at the kymmoy have a great day

#train#
1 i d like a train to london liverpool street that leaves after 10:00	ok let me see what i can find
2 i will be leaving from cambridge on friday	tr1750 leaves at 11:59 would that work for you ?
3 yes can you book it for 5 people and can i have the reference number please ?	of course the reference number is 8w9ic5mu and the total is 83 gbp can i help with anything else ?
4 no that will be all thank you	okay ! thanks for using our service

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range	there are several moderately priced restaurants do you have a preference to the area of town ?
2 i don t care about the area of town but i d like cuban food	there are no results for moderately priced cuban food restaurants is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 are there any international restaurants in the moderate range ?	there is an international restaurant in the moderate range called the varsity restaurant in the centre area of town
4 can i get the address and postcode please ?	the address of the varsity restaurant is 35 saint andrews street city centre and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ar
5 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like a restaurant with korean food please	little seoul is a korean restaurant in the city centre serving expensive food
2 what is their address and phone number ?	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a german restaurant in the west part of town	there are no german restaurants in the west part of town would you like to make another query ?
2 how about italian ?	there are several italian restaurants in the west part of town la margherita is cheap and prezzo is moderate would you like the address of one of those ?
3 what is the phone number of one of them ?	the phone number to prezzo which is moderately priced is 01799 521260 is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called cityroomz	cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced
2 that s great would you book 5 nights for 3 people please ?	what days will you need the reservation for ?
3 book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday	your booking was successful the reference number is 1ut4dofp
4 thanks that is all i need good bye	you re welcome and have a great stay

#restaurant#
1 i d looking for a good restaurant on the east side i d prefer the moderate price range if possible	would you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 i would like indian please	there is curry prince and rajmahal would either of those work for you ?
3 i d like to book curry prince for 6 people at 15:45 on saturday please	alright i have you reservation made the reference number is smamrcq9
4 great thanks for your help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be everything today thank you	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	curry prince serves indian food in the moderate price range and in the east part of town
2 is there any other restaurant ?	pizza hut fen ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced italian food
3 what is the address ?	pizza hut fen ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?

#hotel#
1 have you ever heard of a hotel called the ashley hotel ?	i have the ashley hotel is a moderately priced 2 star hotel on the north side can i get you any more information ?
2 do they have free parking ? and what is their hotel type ?	they are a hotel with free parking and free wifi ! would you like me to book that for you ?
3 no i was just looking for information thanks though !	okay well did you need anything else today ?
4 no that s all i needed thank you !	you are welcome have a great day !

#hotel#
1 hello i m in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars	great ! i found three results ! two are in the centre and one in the north which would you prefer ?
2 i would prefer one that is a guesthouse	there are 2 options: one in the north and one in the town centre which would you like ?
3 can i have the pricing and address of the one in the centre of town ?	i cannot see the price but it does say it is cheap their address is 41 warkworth street would you like me to book it of you ?
4 i am not ready to book just yet thanks for your help	certainly is there anything else you need ?
5 yes could you tell me the name of the lodging that you mentioned please ?	the name of the guesthouse is el shaddai
6 thank you so much i am all set bye	you re welcome please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with

#train#
1 hi can you please help me find a train to leicester i need to leave on monday	do you want to arrive or leave at a certain time ?
2 yes i need to leave sometime after 20:00 from cambridge it doesn t matter when i get there	okay tr9424 departs at 20:21 would you like me to book that for you ?
3 could you book a trip for five people and give me the reference number ?	i have those seats booked for you your reference number is q0b623jd you will pay 189 gbp at the station
4 thank you that s all i needed today	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello ! i m looking for a nice restaurant that serves scottish food can you recommend one ?	certainly is there a certain area of town that you d like to stay in ?
2 no any part of town is good	i m sorry there aren t any scottish food restaurants would you like something else ?
3 how about a restaurant that serves british food ?	the cotto serves british food it is in the centre of town in the moderate price range
4 may i get the restaurant phone number please ?	cotto s phone number is 01223 302010
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for the price range of the hotel finches bed and breakfast	it is listed in the cheap price range
2 thank you that s all i needed	would you like me to book you in ?
3 no thanks that ll be it for today	have a wonderful day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center	there are 33 entries that meet your request is there a type of food you are looking for ?
2 no i really don t mind recommend one to me	how about bedouin ? it is an african cuisine that is in the expensive price range
3 that sounds wonderful can you give me the address and postcode ?	the bedouin s address is 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is cb12bd can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that s all thank you	okay have a great meal !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food	there are no malaysian restaurants would you like something different ?
2 north american please give me their price range and their address and phone number please	gourmet burger kitchen is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is regent street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using cambridge restaurant system enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves african food	there is an african restaurant in the centre area called bedouin
2 what are the address and postcode please ?	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is cb12bd is there anything else i can help with ?
3 that s all thanks !	thank you for using our system goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking	i have 4 options for you - would you like cheap or expensive ? i have nothing in between
2 i m flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a guesthouse that also had free wifi	okay that narrows it to two: alexander bed and breakfast (4 stars) or el shaddai (0 stars) they re both cheap would you like to book one of these ?
3 not right now could i have the phone number for the alexander bed and breakfast ?	yes the phone number is 01223525725 do you have any other questions or concerns ?
4 no that is all i need today thank you !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	would you prefer british indian or italian food ?
2 indian please	meghna is an indian restaurant would you like the phone number ?
3 yes please and also the address	the address is 205 victoria road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410
4 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel on the east side and i would prefer a four star hotel	does the hotel needs to have free parking ?
2 i d like to stay in a guesthouse if possible what is there available ?	the warkworth house is moderately priced and meets your criteria would you like me to try and make a reservation ?
3 i would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from friday	okay that booking was successful you re reference number is 3at2d81n is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you very much for your help	is there any thing else you need ?
5 no again thank you for your help	you re welcome have a great day !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train departing from broxbourne	where are you headed ?
2 i am heading to cambridge	how about tr5570 that leaves at 05:32 ?
3 i will need to arrive by 17:15	what day will you be travelling ?
4 i will be leaving on wednesday	how about the tr0788 train that leaves at 05:32 ?
5 does that train arrive in cambridge before 17:15 ?	tr0788 arrives in cambridge by 06:32 would you like me to find something closer to arriving at 17:15 ?
6 yes and i ll just need the train id and departure time	tr5972 leaves broxbourne wednesday at 15:32 and arrives in cambridge at 16:32 the fare is 17 pounds 90
7 okay would you please book 2 tickets for that one ?	booking was successful the total fee is 35.79 gbp payable at the station reference number is : g2jza2ze
8 i can t imagine why i asked you to book passage i always buy my own tickets in any case thanks ever so much	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
9 no thanks for your service i enjoyed	have a great day

#attraction#
1 can you help me find a nightclub in the centre of town ?	i recommend soul tree nightclub
2 what is the postcode and address please ?	the address and postcode are: 1-6 corn exchange street cb23qf will that be all for you today ?
3 that is all the info i need today thanks	ok thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food ?	i m sorry but there aren t any venues offering caribbean food in the expensive price range
2 how about thai ?	there s bangkok city in the centre of town and sala thong on the west side
3 great what is the address and phone number for bangkok city ?	their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 green street city centre

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a cheap place to eat ?	there are 22 restarants serving cheap food what type of food would you like ?
2 indian would be good as long as it s in the center i need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a sunday	the gandhi has great food at an even better price ! should i book you a table here ?
3 yes that would be fine	unfortunately there are no tables available for sunday at 18:15 would you like to try for a different day or time ?
4 yes can you try sunday at 17:30 please	i m sorry but booking was unsuccessful could you try a different day or time ?
5 do you have anything available for sunday ?	no could you try another day and time ?
6 how about 17:15 ?	i was able to book the table for you for your party of 2 on sunday at 17:15 the reference number is z16ztxky
7 great that ll be everything thank you !	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i need a three-star place to stay please	the hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a star rating of 3 would you like to make a booking ?
2 no thank you i am looking for a hotel instead of a guesthouse	the gonville hotel is expensive and in the center of town the lensfield hotel is also expensive but it is in the south
3 i d like to book the lensfield hotel for 2 nights for 8 people starting from wednesday	i am sorry i was unable to book that for you would you like me to try another hotel ?
4 yes i d like one in the same price range please	there is the lensfield hotel which is 3 stars would you like me to make a reservation there ?
5 yes please try that	i was not able to get you into the lensfield but i can book you into the gonville hotel if you like
6 that would be great thank you	okay great i was able to book the gonville hotel and your reference number is kweqk0k1
7 thank you for all your help	you are welcome can i do anything else for you today ?
8 no that is all thank you very much	no problem ! happy to help ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food can you recommend anything ?	what area were you looking for ?
2 anywhere really	which price range are you looking for ?
3 i am looking for something in the expensive price range	no restaurants match that request can i search for something different for you ?
4 can i get an italian restaurant ? address and phone number please	an expensive italian restaurant is found in the center of town caffe uno the address is 32 bridge street city centre the phone number is 01223 448620
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a korean restaurant that s expensive	little seoul is exactly what you re looking for !
2 is it in the centre of town ?	indeed it is would you like for me reserve you a table ?
3 yes please ! i need a table for 8 on wednesday at 12:00	hmm i m not able to book at that time would you like to try another time or day ?
4 how about 11:00 on wednesday instead ?	i was able to make your reservation for 8 at 11:00 on wednesday your reference number is pmz9sezp do you need anything else ?
5 no that will be everything today thank you	have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves lebanese food	the ali baba restaraunt serves lebanese food and is in the moderate price range
2 tell me the address and phone number of ali baba restaraunt	their address is 59 hills road city centre and their phone number is 01462 432565
3 thank you bye bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 could you give me some details for carolina bed and breakfast ?	carolina bed & breakfast is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the east side of town do you need additional details ?
2 no that sounds wonderful can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on friday ? it will just be myself	your booking was successful your reference number is 8ifkqgd8 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no that s all i need thanks for your help	have a good day goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train to cambridge	ok where will you be departing from ?
2 i want to leave from ely on friday	okay do you have a desired time for departure or arrival ?
3 i need to leave after 09:45	tr0212 departs ely friday at 11:35 would you like to book a ticket for this train ?
4 what time does it arrive ?	it arrives at 11;52 would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no i just needed the information i am all set thanks have a nice day	great ! thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay that has free wifi	what type of lodging would you prefer ? and do you care about price or area ?
2 i would like to stay in a guesthouse	what area would you like to stay in ?
3 i don t have a preference	do you have a preference on price range ?
4 i would like someplace expensive	i m not finding anything meeting that criteria would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse ?
5 what about an expensive hotel ?	the gonville hotel is expensive with free wifi shall i book it for you ?
6 what is their postcode ?	the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly what else can i help you with today ?
7 that will be all thank you	you re very welcome ! enjoy your stay !

#restaurant#
1 i need an expensive restaurant	there are 57 expensive restaurants in the city is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in ?
2 i would like chinese food in the centre please	there are 4 can i make a reservation at one of them ? possibly tang chinese ?
3 i need a table for 7 at 19:45 on sunday	i was able to book you at hk fusion on sunday reference number 5up22ra is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that will be all thanks	okay enjoy your dinner

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 3 star hotel	there are 6 hotels listed at 3 star there are 2 in the north 1 south 1 west and 1 centre would you like more information ?
2 i don t care where the hotel is located but i m looking for something in the moderate price range	i have 4 options for you do you need free wifi and parking ? i have 3 that offer these and 1 that does not
3 yes please can you recommend me of them ?	the hamilton lodge is nice and in the north area would you like a booking today ?
4 no thank you can i just get the address please ?	the hamilton lodge is located 156 chesterton road would you like me to help you with anything else ?
5 that s all i need today - i appreciate your help !	of course let me know if there s anything else i can help you with

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel	there are quite a few hotels that fit that description do you have a preference as to area or price range ?
2 i would like something in the east with 2 stars	it looks like the express by holiday inn cambridge will work well for you would you like me to book that ?
3 does it have free parking ? can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel ?	yes it offers free parking the phone number is 01223866800
4 thanks what s the address ?	the address is 15-17 norman way coldhams business park would you like a reservation ?
5 that s not necessary thanks	you re welcome may i help you with a taxi or restaurant booking ?
6 that was all thank you	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#train#
1 i d like a train to leicester to arrive by 9:45	okay where would you like to depart from ?
2 i d like to leave from cambridge please	there are 28 trains do you have a day preference ?
3 i need to leave on tuesday	train tr2863 leaves on tuesday at 7:21 and arrives at 9:06 would you like me to book ?
4 i sure would thanks i will need seats for 8 people	your reference number is : xnmihqhk the total fee is 302.39 gbp payable at the station is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no thank you have a great day !	you as well enjoy your trip !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
2 what is the address and phone number ?	the address of the missing sock is finders corner newmarket road and the phone number is 01223 812660 may i help you with anything else today ?
3 no thank you i have everything i need thank you and goodbye !	thank you for using our system good bye
4 goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at ?	the are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available saigon city in the north area and kymmoy in the centre area
2 kymmoy in the centre area is great would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on thursday for me ?	it is not open then shall i try another time or another place to eat ?
3 let s try another restaurant	i have booked you at saigon city in the north area 52 mill road city centre your reference number is 2obvxf1o
4 okay great that is all i need at the moment	it was my pleasure thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a chinese restaurant please ?	i m sure i can we have 17 chinese restaurants is there an area of town you d prefer ?
2 i would like to be in the centre of town and if it could be inexpensive that would be ideal	how about the charlie chan restaurant ?
3 do they have a table available for 5 people on wednesday night ?	for what time please ?
4 i would like the reservation at 19:30 please	i m sorry but i was unable to make a booking could we try another day or time ?
5 can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in the same area and price range
6 what about another restaurant in a different area but same price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in any other areas,could i check another price range ?
7 no thank you i need it in that area and pricerange	there is an asian oriental cheap restaurants called dojo noodle bar would you like to book there instead ?
8 i suppose that would be all right	a table is reserved for you at dojo noodle bar your reference number is aeqlol33
9 thank you for all your help today	have a lovely day goodbye

#hotel#
1 are there any guesthouses with free parking ?	yes there are 21 guesthouses with free parking is there an area of town or price range that you prefer ?
2 i would like something in the centre that is cheap	alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai are both available
3 can you book alexander bed and breakfast for me ? i have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights starting thursday	your booking was successful your reference number is iy4gscgl is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that is all i need thank you for your help bye	have a great stay ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	what food type are you looking for ?
2 any type of restaurant will be fine	da vinci pizzeria is located in the north part of town and in the cheap price range

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a japanese restaurant in town	wagamama is a japanese restaurant in the centre of town would you like their location ?
2 yes what is their address and phone number ?	its address is 36 saint andrews street and phone number is 01223 462354
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome have a good day !

#attraction#
1 do you have information about the saint barnabas press gallery ?	i do it is located in the east and is a museum what information would you like about it ?
2 that s all i needed thanks so much for your help !	you are very welcome ! enjoy your trip to the museum !

#restaurant#
1 i want afghan food in the centre of town	what price range are you looking for ?
2 any price range will be fine	what area are you looking for ?
3 centre part of town	there are no restaurants that serve afghan food in the center of town
4 how about a place serving turkish food ?	there are three restaurants the locations are bridge street city centre king street city centre and the more expensive is on mill road city centre which do you prefer ?
5 i don t care	anatolia meets your criteria would you like their contact information ?
6 yes what is their price range and address ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range and is located at 30 bridge street city centre
7 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 i want to book a train for friday	ok what are your departure and arrival stations and what time are you traveling ?
2 i want to go from cambridge to london kings cross on friday	is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by ?
3 yes i d like to arrive by 10:15	tr8026 arrives at 7:51 and tr2000 arrives at 9:51 may i book one of those ?
4 i m not looking to book at the moment can i just get the travel time and price for tr2000 ? thanks !	sure travel time is 51 minutes and total cost of the ticket will be 23.60 pounds anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all today thank you	you re quite welcome thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for hungarian food in the centre	i m sorry there are no hungarian restaurants listed in the centre part of town would you like to try something else ?
2 how about turkish food ?	there are three restaurants that serve turkish food in the center of town what price range would you like ?
3 no preference about price range	how about anatolia ? it serves turkish food and it is in the centre of town
4 what is anatolia s address ?	anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 what s the price range ?	anatolia is in the moderate price range
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea	unfortunately i don t have any places that serve tea that are expensive did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served ?
2 no thanks instead could you tell me where to get thai food ?	i found two thai restaurants one is in the west and one in centre which would you prefer ?
3 the one in the centre is fine i would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please	for how many people ?
4 can you make sure that s an expensive restaurant ?	it is an expensive restaurant yes
5 great can i reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on friday please ?	your table is booked for friday at 14:15 for 1 person the reference number is kss0di7c it is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time
6 thank you very much that is all i ll need today !	thank you for contacting us have a good trip to cambridge

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre can you help me please ?	we have nine indian restaurants in the centre with prices ranging from cheap to expensive do you have a preference ?
2 i would like a restaurant in the expensive range	there are several would you like to book a table to panahar or perhaps one of the others ?
3 yes please make a reservation for 6 people at panahar on sunday at 13:00	you are booked at panahar on sunday at 13:00 for 6 people is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 may i have the reference number for the reservation ?	i am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked my i find another restaurant for you that serves indian food ?
5 yes please in the same area and price range please	okay i was able to get you into the golden curry instead your reference number is oxkpjh2r
6 thank you so much have a great day	you are so welcome

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food	there are no restaurants that serve swedish food are you interested in some other type of food ?
2 yes how about north american food i will also need the address phone number and postcode	there is one location that servies north american food it is and expensive restaurant in the centre of town
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	the gourmet burger kitchen s phone number is 01223 312598 they are loated at regent street city centre and there post code is .c.b 2 1 a.b
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#hotel#
1 can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town ?	of course i have two available one is cheap and one is moderate what do you prefer ?
2 do either of them have a 3 star rating ?	yes the hobsons house has 3 stars and meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday	i was able to book that reservation for you the reference number is rl3s28t3
4 that s all i need thank you	welcome again next time
5 thanks agian goodbye	we were able to find accommodations for this person

#hotel#
1 i need a cheap room free parking	i have 10 hotels that fit your criteria do you have a preferred area of town ?
2 no i dont have a preferred area it doesnt need to have internet	how about the allenbell in the east or the alexander bed and breakfastin the north ? both are guest houses there s also the the cambridge belfry hotel in the west
3 any one of them will do as long as it has free wifi please	what night will you begin your stay and how many nights will you be staying ?
4 i need to book a hotel for just myself it will be for three nights starting from tuesday	i was able to book you at the alexander bed and breakfast reference number 3auurszj is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay glad i could be of help

#restaurant#
1 are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town ?	there are two choices in the south area serving cheap food do you prefer portuguese or chinese ?
2 i do not have a preference	nandos is the portuguese place and the lucky star is chinese would you like more information on one or both of those ?
3 please give me the address and phone number for nandos	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way and their number is 01223 327908 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	there are thirty-three results would you like a specific type of food ?
2 i am looking for italian food	can i recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 market hill city centre ?
3 okay let s book a table for five on wednesday at 14:45	i was unable to book at 14:45 can i try another time for you ?
4 no 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me ?	can i recommend clowns cafe located on 54 king street city centre ?
5 sure and give me the reference number too please	okay i have booked you there and your reference number is o7fj870g
6 thank you so much for your time that will be all	so happy to help and thanks for using cambridge towninfo service today !

#hotel#
1 i need a guesthouse please	there are 24 different guesthouses available is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in ?
2 i would like to stay in the north area	there are 5 option in the north do you have any other preferences to help narrow down your choice ?
3 i am actually looking for a 4 star rating in an expensive price range	i have several hotels available with a 4 star rating but none in an expensive price range would a moderate range work for you ?
4 is sure would can you book a room for 2 people for 2 nights on monday ?	i booked for you a room at arbury lodge guesthouse it has parking slots and free wifi do you need anything else ?
5 i need a reference number for that booking !	sure your reference number is b1ip09iz
6 wonderful ! good bye !	glad i could help ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side ?	there are 8 guesthouses that meet that criteria do you have a preferred price range ?
2 yes i want moderate price range	i found 7 hotels that meets your criteria do you want parking ?
3 yes free parking is important and also make sure it s an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse i prefer the amenities of a hotel	i m sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses would you want to choose one of them ?
4 i guess i don t have a choice book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday	i booked you accomodation at arbury lodge guesthouse your reference number is ao41sukl do you need anything else ?
5 no that s all thanks for the assistance !	sure i m here yo help have a lovely stay !

#attraction#
1 yes hi can you help me locate a cinema	there are two cinemas one is in the centre of town the other is on the south side is there anything else i can help you with today ?
2 no that s all i need	okay have a nice day
3 good bye	goodbye and thanks for contacting us

#restaurant#
1 can you find the restaurant names loch fyne ?	sure ! loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please i need one for friday at 13:45 i ll be dining alone	i apologize but i was unable to book you for the restaurant would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 sure any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine	there are many resturants that meet those criteria would you prefer african asian british chrinese european french gastropub indian italian japanese korean mediterranean north american turkish or thai ?
4 can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange ?	could i suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin ? it s an african restaurant in the same price range and area
5 yes please book the restaurant bedouin for me	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : mtbhnb92 anything else ?
6 no that will be all thanks for all of your help sorry i was such a bother	no problem at all have a great day !
7 thank you ! you were great !	thank you have a great day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train on wednesday departing form broxbourne	there are many results where is your destination ?
2 i m heading into cambridge	there are a number of trains to choose from what time would you like to depart ?
3 departure time is flexible but i would need to get into cambridge by 21:30	there are 15 trains that arrive by 21:30 each train takes 1 hour when would you prefer to depart ?
4 what is the earliest departing train and the price of a ticket for it ?	the earliest train departs at 05:32 and is 17.90 pounds would you like a ticket ?
5 that s okay no need to book now but can i get the travel time for that train ?	the travel time for the train is 60 minutes
6 okay thanks ! that s all i needed ! have a good day !	glad i could help !

#hotel#
1 could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side ?	unfortunately i don t happen to have anything that meets your specifications can i look in another area for you ?
2 it really needs to be in the south and have a 5 star rating it can be a hotel or guesthouse though	i m sorry but there are no hotels are guesthouses with a 5 star rating in the south would you like to try a 4 star rating instead ?
3 yeah that would be fine	we have 2 guesthouses that match your needs aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa s bed and breakfast does either of these fancy your interest ?
4 do either of them have internet ? i ll also take the address for both	yes they both do aylesbray is at 5 mowbray road and rosa s is located at 53 roseford road
5 thanks for the information !	you are welcome do you need any thing else ?
6 that should be all thank you	you are welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#train#
1 i need to book a train leaving thursday from cambridge can you help me with that ?	yes what time will you be departing ?
2 i will be leaving saturday morning at 08:45	is it thursday or saturday ? and where is your destination ?
3 sorry for the confusion i need to get to peterborough thursday night	okay and what departure or arrival time did you need for thursday ?
4 i need to leave after 20:15	the first train after 20:15 is the tr2178 leaving at 20:34
5 that sounds perfect can you tell me the travel time please ?	the travel time is 50 minutes may i book that for you ?
6 yes i d really appreciate that	i was able to book a train for 1 on thursday from cambridge to peterborough leaving at 20:34 your reference number is 9ip722k1
7 perfect thank you for your help !	can i help you with anything further ?
8 nope that s all thanks !	thank you for using our service goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves british food	how about the oak bistro on lensfield road ?
2 what is the price range ? it needs to be moderate	the oak bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table ?
3 i d like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on friday please	the oak bistro is fully booked do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate british food ?
4 yes please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate british food	i was able to book restaurant one seven reference number is xxz4d253
5 sounds wonderful thank you for your help that is all i need bye	thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food in the centre	there are no restaurants that serve swedish food in the centre what would you like to do ?
2 well the restaurant should be expensive are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town ?	yes many it all depends on what type of cuisine you re after
3 what about a restaurant that serves gastropub food ?	i was able to find two restaurants that serve gastropub for you i have backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce both located in the centre of town
4 can i get a table for 1 at the backstreet bistro ? saturday at 17:15 if possible	it s all booked your reference number is stq9n9uv
5 excellent that will be everything thank you !	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town	certainly some choices that fit your criteria are bedouin kymmoy and fitzbillies restaurant
2 what are the different food types of these restaurants ?	in the same order: african asian oriental british do any of these fancy you ?
3 not actually i won t be needing anything else at this time thank you good bye	you don t need any other information ?
4 that s all i need from you today thanks	alright i hope you have a wonderful day !
5 thank you for your help	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town	ok is there a specific restaurant you are looking for ?
2 moderately priced restaurant	curry prince is moderately priced and in the east part of town alternatively so is rajmahal
3 what is the phone number and postcode of curry prince ?	the phone number is 01223 566388 and the postcode is cb58jj
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range	i have the oak bistro they serve british food
2 is there any place that serves international food ?	there are two international restaurants that are in the moderate price range: the varsity restaurant and the bloomsbury restaurant
3 either would be fine could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on wednesday ?	i ve booked you a table for eight your reference number is pjyz9vq9 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is all thanks good bye	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north can you help me ?	yes there are two listings one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for ?
2 i don t care as long as it s cheap it s fine which do you recommend ?	can i recommend royal spice located on victoria avenue chesterton ? would you like to make a booking there ?
3 yes i would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on friday night	i m sorry we were not able to book that restaurant how about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 milton road chesterton ?
4 how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	yes sure i got you into da vinci pizzeria and your reference number is iqa12p3u
5 thank you so much that is all i need	thank you that was all i needed

#restaurant#
1 malaysian food in the west part of town	there aren t any malaysian restaurants in the west part of town would you like to expand the search ?
2 how about thai food in the west part of town ?	sala thong is a restaurant that serves thai food
3 what is the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 newnham road newnham their number is 01223 323178 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves caribbean food and in the moderate price range	there is not a caribbean restaurant in the moderate price range would you like a different restaurant ?
2 are there any spanish restaurants ?	yes la tasca is a nice spanish restaurant in the moderate price range
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	la tasca is located at 14 -16 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 uf their phone number is 1223 464630 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a chinese restaurant please ?	sure there are 17 chinese restaurants in town are you looking for a certain price range or location ?
2 yes i would like it to be in the expensive price range	i have found 5 that fit that description is there a particular area you would like ?
3 i would like to book a table for 6 at 15:15 on tuesday	i was able to get a table at hakka in the north the reference number is 7kw8mvl3 and they ll keep the table for 15 minutes does that suit you ?
4 yes thank you that s all for now bye !	thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the addresses of each of the moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town	the address for pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the address for restaurant alimentum is 152 - 154 hills road
2 is there anything else ?	there is restaurant alimentum which is a modern european restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range
3 could you give me the address for restaurant alimentum ?	restaurant alimentum s address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for using our system goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi ?	the huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel with internet in the west would you like me to make a booking ?
2 is the place expensive ?	yes it is an expensive i have listings for another place that is cheap if that is what you need
3 i would prefer the expensive hotel please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on sunday	i was unable to book the hotel for that day would you like to try the cheap hotel ?
4 no i d like to keep looking for an expensive hotel	is there a certain area you would like it to be in ?
5 north part of town,please	i was able to successfully book you at the university arms hotel the reference number is 1f6hepgz
6 thank you very much i appreciate your help	no problem will that be all for today ?
7 yes that will be all for today goodbye	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town can you provide me with a list of my options ?	kymmoy is located in the centre of town
2 may i have the postcode to kymmoy please ?	certainly the postcode is cb12as is there any other information you need ?
3 that s all that i needed thank you !	you re welcome have a great day !

#attraction#
1 are there any places in the south section of town the has to do with multiple sports ?	unfortunately i don t see any that are in the south would you like me to check in another area of town ?
2 do you have in attractions in a type of park in the south ?	we have 2 parks in the south i recommend wandlebury country park
3 that sounds nice can you give me their address postcode and phone number please ?	i sure can they are located at wandlebury ring gog magog hills babraham their postcode is cb223ae the phone number is 01223243830 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that was all i needed right now thanks very much goodbye	okay have a great time !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse with free parking	do you have a preferred location or price range ?
2 i m not too concerned with location but i would like it to include internet and have a 4 star rating please	there are 16 guesthouses that meet those requirements any preference on price range ?
3 not really anything would be fine	i recommend the acorn guest house would you like a room there ?
4 yes please i d like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday	booking unsuccessful want to try for a shorter stay ?
5 yes how about 3 nights ?	that was a successful booking your reference number is t6c83p46
6 thank you so much !	you re so welcome thank you

#attraction#
1 good morning i am looking for a place to on the east side that has entertainment	ok cherry hinton hall and grounds is in the east side of town would you like the address ?
2 yes and the postcode please !	cb18dw is their postcode
3 thank you i think that s all i need	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#train#
1 hi i m looking for some train information could you tell me what trains leave on wednesday for norwich ?	there are 19 entries found where would you be coming from ?
2 i ll be departing from cambridge and i need to arrive by 12:00	there is a train that arrives at 11:55 the trainid is tr9635 would you like me to book that ?
3 sure that sounds great	how many seats would you like ?
4 just one	you have been booked !
5 thanks !	can i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no thank you very much !	you are welcome ! have a safe trip !

#restaurant#
1 i need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west part of town their phone number is 01799 521260
2 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving chinese food in the south part of town	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range their address is 10 homerton street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a wonderful day !
3 thanks again goodbye !	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 are there any mexican restaurants in the centre ?	sorry no there are no mexican restaurants in the centre of town would you like to check another area ?
2 sure i would be interested in indian restaurants also	curry garden is in that part of town and they serve indian food
3 please book this for 7 people at 18:00 on sunday	unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on sunday would another date or time work for you ?
4 try 17:00 on sunday	of course you re booked at 17:00 with reference number ttp6gycj the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i assist with anything else ?
5 no that ll do it ! thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat fine british food	there are restaurants that serve british food what is your price range ?
2 i like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre	there are 3 expensive restaurants in the centre of town that server british food i would recommend the midsummer house restaurant
3 sounds great please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on friday and give me the reference number	i was able to reserve a table your reference number is 2slk6u5l is there anything else you d like me to do ?
4 no i think that covers everything thanks so much for your help !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food	there are no restaurants serving australasian food would you like something else ?
2 portuguese food	there are two restaurants available nandos and nandos city centre one is in the south and one is in the centre
3 i don t care	how about nandos ? it is a cheap restraunt on cambridge leisure park clifton way
4 sounds great what is their address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way c.b 1 7 dy
5 thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 what is the address for find pizza hut city centre ?	the address for that restaurant is regent street city centre
2 thank you can you book a table for 2 on friday at 18:00	i m sorry the restaurant is fully booked at that time what other day or time slot would be good for you ?
3 please try friday at 17:00 it should be less crowded then	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : cqv6jds3
4 thank you for the help	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town	meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range
2 is there anything else ? can i have the address and phone number please ?	okay meghna s phone number is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 are there any other restaurants in that price range and part of town ?	yes prezzo serving italian food and saint johns chop house serving british food are also in the west part of town
4 what is the address and phone number ?	thier address is 21 - 24 northampton road and phone number is 01799 521260
5 thank you goodbye	i hope you enjoy saint johns chop house goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range	i have both an italian restaurant and a vietnamese restaurant do you have a preference ?
2 i don t care book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on friday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : yw1nyrxc
3 cool thank you i m all set for now	thanks for allowing me to help you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves australian food	there are no records matching your request for an expensive restaurant serving australian food may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 what about british food ?	there are six restaurants matching your query one of them is travellers rest
3 could i have the phone number for one of the restaurants ?	there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks goodbye	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 yes i m going to need a train on sunday	there are 404 trains departing on sunday can you give me a departure point and a destination point please ?
2 i want to go from norwich to cambridge	is there a certain time you would like to leave norwich by ?
3 i would like to arrive in cambridge by 14:15	i have eight trains arriving by then how many passengers ?
4 i need a booking for two passengers	booked your reference number is 845yky14 you pay 28.16 at the station you will leave at 12:16 and arrive at 13:35 trainid: tr5225
5 great thank you that is all i needed	glad i could be of assistance enjoy your journey do not hesitate to call if you need us again

#restaurant#
1 could i get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town ?	the golden wok is a chinese restaurnt in the north part of town or there s the nirala which serves indian food
2 could you get me the address and phone number for the golden wok please ?	the address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s it thank you for your help	thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center	there are 33 expensive resturants in the city center we could narrow it down more by food type what type of food would you like ?
2 i do not care about that	bedouin serves african food is in the center and in the expensive price range do you want me to book this restaurant ?
3 yes i d like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on tuesday	ok i have booked you at bedouin on tuesday at 19:15 for 7 people
4 may i have the reference number please ?	it is actually not open then another day or place to dine ?
5 how about a different restaurant in the area and price range ?	i was able to book you at the cambridge chop house reference number k1t50mhg
6 thank you that s all i need today	okay enjoy your dinner

#attraction#
1 i m looking for boating activities in town	certainly we have several interesting boats is there an area of town that you prefer ?
2 i do not have a preference	there s camboats riverboat georgina scudamores punting co. and the cambridge punter would you like more information on any of these ?
3 yes can you tell me the postcode for the riverboat georgina please ?	sure it is cb43ax is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that ll do it for today thanks very much for your help !	you re very welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria	i found da vinci pizzeria is a cheap restaurant in the north would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 yes please for one person at 12:30 on sunday	i have you scheduled for a reservation for 1 on sunday at 12:30 would you like a confirmation receipt ?
3 yes please give me the reference number	i am so sorry but the da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and i was unsuccessful do you want me to try another restaurant ?
4 yes how about one in the same area and price range please ?	okay i was able to book you into the royal spice serving indian food and your reference number is k8n0llbp
5 awesome ! thanks so much that is all i need	thank you for using this service goodbye

#hotel#
1 are there any 4-star guesthouses ?	it looks like alot of places are listed that have 4 stars did you have a preference on the area or price range maybe ?
2 yes the hotel should be located in the north and should include free wifi	home from home is a nice guesthouse with fee parking included can i reserve a room for you ?
3 does home from home have free wifi ?	it sure does can i book your stay for you ?
4 no thanks have a nice day	okay thank you goodbye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a place to go	okay what kind of place are you looking for ?
2 nothing in particular what s the phone number type and fee for your favorite place ?	what area will you be staying in and what kind of things do you like ?
3 i would like the attraction to be in the centre	there are 44 what type are you intersted in ?
4 anything that is good just recommend any	would you be interested in an architecture attraction such as great saint mary s church ? they have a 2 pound entrance fee or there are others available for free
5 may i have the phone number please ?	01223350914 is the phone number
6 thank you very much that would be it	enjoy your visit and let us know if you need help with other arrangements in the future
7 i will and thank you for your assistance	you re very welcome

#train#
1 i d like to find a train leaving on friday to cambridge	there are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have a location you re leaving ?
2 i will leave from birmingham new street and arrive by 13:15 if possible	tr0497 arrives in cambridge at 12:23 would you like to purchase tickets ?
3 yes please book 4 tickets for me	booked reference number is t610u5hk you pay 300.39 gbp at the station your train leaves at 9:40
4 thank you very much it looks like i am all set have a nice day	it has been my pleasure please feel free to contact us again if you require any further assistance !

#restaurant#
1 can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south ?	i sure can do you prefer chinese italian indian or mexican food ?
2 i prefer chinese food thanks	peking restaurant has good reviews would you like that ?
3 that sounds good can i have the postcode and address please ?	absolutely the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre their postcode is cb28nx can i reserve you a table by chance ?
4 no thank you i don t need a reservation	all right what else can i help you with ?
5 that s it thanks	you are welcome have a lovely day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town	which food type appeals to you currently ? there are listings for british indian chinese and gastropub
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 can i get the phone number please ?	the grafton hotel restaurant s phone number is 01223 241387
4 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve british food
5 thanks so much	nice talking to you thank you good bye
6 thank you	thank you enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced	there are no danish restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food ?
2 go for it	some options are lebanese turkish international british european and chinese do any of these interest you ?
3 no how about gastropub type food ? may i please have the address phone number and area ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food is located in the centre part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 308871 the address is corn exchange street and the postcode is c.b 2 3qf
4 thank you	is there anything else we can help you with today ?
5 no thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive	there are five restaurants matching your request what kind of food would you like ?
2 chinese food sound good	yu garden serves chinese food is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 what is their address and postcode ?	yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range ?	yes there s the good luck chinese food takeaway peking restaurant and taj tandoori how do those sound ?
2 do the serve mediterranean food ?	there is no expensive mediterranean restaurant in the south
3 how about one that serves chinese food ?	there are two expensive chinese restaurants the good luck chinese food takeaway and the peking restaurant would you like to book a table with either of these ?
4 can you make a reservation for 1 on monday at 17:00 at peking restaurant please	i m sorry but there was no availability for that time would you like to try another day or time ?
5 how about 16:00 ? could you please provide me with the reference number also ?	your booking was successful and the reference number is 1yyk3kqs may i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no that s it thanks !	would you provide me with the address ?
7 no i m the customer and you re the help desk; it is you who are supposed to provide me with the address but you ve given me all i need so goodbye !	have a good day !

#hotel#
1 are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town ?	the cambridge belfry is a hotel located in the west and is cheap has 4 stars and free internet and parking
2 i would like to make a reservation for this saturday for 2 people for 4 nights please	i have booked you and another person for this saturday for 4 nights
3 awesome what about reference number ?	sure my bad ! the reference number is 169n4vtv do you need anything else ?
4 thas all i needed have a great day !	glad i could help enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range	there are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town would you prefer indian or italian ?
2 i am looking for the east part of town serving austrian food	i am sorry there is no such restaurant match your request would you prefer another area or another type of food ?
3 how about chinese food on the east part of town ?	yu garden serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town would you like more information ?
4 yes i would like their address phone number and postcode please	their address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is c.b 5 8 pa
5 that s all i m looking for thank you for the information	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves catalan food ?	unfortunately i don t show anything available meeting those requirements can i try a different price range or type of cuisine for you ?
2 how about something in the centre of town	i was able to find bedouin in the centre of town in the expensive price range
3 the bedouin serves catalan cuisine ?	the bedouin serves african food
4 oh okay i must have been mistaken let s try something that has italian is expensive and in the centre of town	how does don pasquale pizzeria sound to you ?
5 sounds good lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on wednesday and i ll need a reference number please	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : corc123e
6 thank you so much !	you re welcome be sure to call us again if you need anything

#hotel#
1 i am hoping you can help me find a hotel with free wifi in the north	acorn guest house is in the north and offers wifi it is moderately priced and has 4 stars would you like to book it ?
2 does it have parking ?	yes they offer both free wifi and free parking can i assist you in booking a room ?
3 i actually would want something expensive (north side preferred) and free wifi and parking	i have nothing in the north area meeting that search criteria would you like me to check another area ?
4 yes how about an expensive place in the centre of town with both free wifi and parking ?	i found the gonville hotel it is located in the center is in the expensive price range has free internet and parking ! shall i book it ?
5 yes ! please book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday	i m sorry there is no availability for 2 nights from monday would you like me to try a different date or a different hotel ?
6 how about one night only ?	that was open the reference code is b13ixxhv
7 great thank you for your help !	thank you do you need anything else ?
8 no that s it thank you	you re very welcome thanks for letting me assist you bye !

#restaurant#
1 yes i would be interested in the british food fare that is available just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice thank you	can i get the information on what area you are looking for the restaurant to be in ?
2 centre of cambridge	i have 3 restaurants that meet your request would you like information on any of them ? i recommend you check out the cambridge chop house
3 the cambridge chop house sounds nice book me a table for 2 this monday at 12:45 please	that wasn t available i did get a table at fitzbillies though it also meets all of your requirements your reference number is blrxv0b0 is that all today ?
4 perfect ! thank you	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 nope that s it ! thanks so much !	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food	pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food
2 i would like pizza hut cherry hinton what is the postcode ?	the postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy did you need anything else ?
3 i don t need anything else at this time thank you goodbye	thank you for letting me help you have a nice day good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food	i cannot locate a cheap greek restaurant is there another one that you are interested in
2 please check for italian food i will also need the address and phone number	there are 5 entries for italian food in the cheap price range is there an area of town that works best for you north centre or west ?
3 it doesn t matter	how about da vinci pizzeria ? it is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye !	thank you for using our service good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food	no restaurants serving scottish food
2 ok how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the west side of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 can i have the address please ?	the address is 17 magdalene street city centre
4 thank you !	thank you and good bye

#hotel#
1 hello ! can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town ? i ll be on a business trip so i do need free wifi	i have several options that meet your needs i would recommend the avalon unless you need free parking
2 i do not need parking is the avalon moderately priiced ?	yes the avalon is in the moderate price range would you like to book a room ?
3 sure ! can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting friday ?	sure your reference number is 8y3768bt anything else ?
4 nope that s all i need thank you !	you are very welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you search for a guesthouse that includes free wifi ?	we have 23 such places any preference on area ?
2 no that doesn t matter but i d like something in the moderate price range	there are 14 options how about the avalon ? it has 4 stars and free parking and wifi
3 that sounds perfect can i book it for 5 nights starting on monday for 3 people ?	the avalon doesn t have room for 5 nights starting monday how about a different day or a shorter stay ?
4 let s try 4 nights	avalon is available for four nights starting on monday your reference number is 59gza6me can i do anything else for you ?
5 no that s all i needed thanks for your help today !	you are welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel ?	unfortunately i don t have any hotels meeting those requirements but i do have several guesthouses that do would you be interested in one of those ?
2 yes i think that would be fine something in the north please	i have 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and 4 stars are you looking for internet or parking ?
3 not really as long as it s in the north it s good	when and how long are you wanting to stay ? i can see what is available
4 i need it for 4 nights starting on wednesday	one more question how many people are in your party ?
5 please make the reservation for 2 people	there are 7 guesthouses that fit your needs may i recommend arbury lodge guesthouse ?
6 sure that sounds fine can you book that for me ?	there is no availability at arbury on wednesday unfortunately would you like to try a different hotel ?
7 sure choose one for me	unfortunately there is no availability at any of the 7 guesthouses for your needs do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay ?
8 how about for 3 nights ?	that did the trick i was able to book for 2 people for 3 nights starting wednesday at the acorn guest house reference number is g591zuvt
9 thank you so much ! that s all bye !	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves indonesian food	my apologies but there doesn t seem to be any restaurants matching your request would you like to broaden your search ?
2 oh well how about european food then ? also in the centre of town please	there are 8 listings meeting your criteria do you have a preference on the price range ?
3 i don t care	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is in the centre of town and serves modern european food
4 may i have the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number for darrys cookhouse and wine shop is 01223 505015 and the postcode is c.b 1 1 ln can i help you with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you very much	you re welcome thank you for using this system
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need to find a hotel in the west of town and have at least a 4 star rating	both the huntingdon marriott and the cambridge belfry fit that criteria would you like me to make a reservation ?
2 do either of them include free wifi ?	yes they do and free parking as well
3 i need to book for 3 people on monday and will be staying for 3 nights can you book that for me please ?	i was able to book the huntingdon marriott for 3 people monday for 3 nights is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 yes may i have the reference number for the booking ?	yes you may your reference number is jqgvoecl is there anything else that i may assist you with ?
5 address and phone number please	the huntingdon marriott is at kingfisher way hinchingbrook business park huntingdon their number is 01480446000 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that was great thank you goodbye !	you re welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 is there a latin american restaurant in the center ?	there are no latin american restaurants in the centre would you like information about a different style of food ?
2 sure what else is there ?	i have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines do you have a preference ?
3 how about latin american food ?	i have no latin american restaurants in the centre perhaps another part of the city ?
4 why don t we try for lebanese food instead	there is ali baba that is lebanese would you like me to make you a reservation ?
5 yes please there will be 3 of us for tuesday at 13:30	all right sir i m happy to say the booking was successful would you like the reservation number ?
6 of course i ll need that	reference number is : b5cpu2x5 can i assist you with anything else today ?
7 that is it thanks	you are more than welcome !

#hotel#
1 i need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn t need to have free parking	cityroomz is a hotel that matches that requirement would you like to stay there ?
2 is it in the north and in the moderate price range ?	no it is not avalon guesthouse is in the north and in the moderate price range though it also has free wifi would that work for you ?
3 yes that sounds fine i d like a room for next friday and saturday night can you book that ?	may i ask how many people will be staying in the room with you ?
4 i would like to book it for 4 people	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel ?
5 yes a different hotel in the same price range would be fine	i would also recommend archway house would you like me to check booking there ?
6 yes archway house sounds like a good idea please check	booking was sucessful your reference number is iah92t2m
7 thank you that s all i needed today	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves international food	i m showing three restaurants that fit that description are you interested in a particular area or price range ?
2 no any price range is fine can you recommend one of the restaurants ?	bloomsbury restaurant is an international restaurant in the centre area
3 hmm i don t really like the food there is there anything else ?	the missing sock is another restaurant there
4 can i get the address and phone number please ?	the missing sock is located at finders corner newmarket road and their phone number is 01223 812660
5 thank you	thank you
6 thank you	good bye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train from cambridge	let me help you with that where would you like to go ?
2 i need to get to stansted airport please	what day will you be traveling ?
3 i d like to travel on thursday	what time do you need to leave or arrive by ?
4 i need to leave after 16:15	ok there is one leaving at the same time i m eager to book it for you

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a basque restaurant in the west part of town	i don t see any basque restaurants is there another type of food you might like ?
2 how about british ?	graffiti is a british restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 i need the address and phone number please	graffiti is located at hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and you can phone them at 01223 277977 do you need additional information ?
4 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the west part of town
5 no thanks i have everything i need goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves australian food and in the cheap price range	i m sorry there are no restaurants that serve australian food
2 do you have some places that serve italian ?	la margherita seems to fit your request
3 can i get the address and phone number ?	the address is 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232
4 okay perfect thank you very much	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food	i m sorry there are no korean restaurants in the north part of town can i help you find anything else ?
2 how about any area ?	little seoul is in the centre and serves korean food
3 what is the address and price range ?	little seoul is at 108 regent street city centre and is an expensive restaurant do you want the phone number ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#hotel#
1 i need a guesthouse with free parking	there are a few options meeting your requirements what area should the guest house be in ?
2 i would like it in the cheap price range in the west	the finches bed and breakfast fits those requirements would you like me to book that for you ?
3 actually i don t care what part of town it is in i just need 4 stars does the finches offer that ?	yes they do have four stars free internet and parking may i book that for you ?
4 yes please just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on monday	i m sorry it wasn t available i did book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast it is a cheap 4 star with free parking reference number b4irjdnn
5 thank you for the reference number b4irjdnn goodbye	goodbye ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area would you like their information ?
2 yes phone number please	pizza hut cherry hinton is phone number is 01223 323737
3 i m not sure where on the south side i m going to be could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information too ?	the only other option is restaurant alimentum their phone number is 01223 413000 their address is 152 - 154 hills road and their postcode is c.b 2 8 pb

#train#
1 i am looking to book a ticket for 2 people for the tuesday train leaving from cambridge and arriving by 10:30 at broxbourne	i ve booked 2 tickets for you on tr7656 ref#ibecbepn the total cost is 35.79 gbp is there anything else i can help with today ?
2 great thanks ! that will be all !	let us know if you need more help good bye

#hotel#
1 i want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town	the acorn guest house is in the north part of town would you like to make a booking ?
2 is that in the expensive price range ?	no that is in the moderate price range
3 i would like one that is in the expensive price range please a bit more upscale	i am sorry but i cannot find a guesthouse in the north that is expensive would you like me to look for a different price range ?
4 no are there any guesthouses available in the centre ?	no there are no guesthouses in the centre would you like anything else ?

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a seafood restaurant in the moderate price range	sorry there are no moderately priced seafood restaurants can i help you find something else instead ?
2 what about chinese ?	there are 4 moderately priced chinese restaurants in town is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in ?
3 any one of them will be fine if you could find one available for 4 people at 18:15 on friday please	i have reserved a table for 4 at jinling noodle bar 11 peas hill in the city centre (tel: 01223566188) on friday at 18:15 the reference number is k9jaw7ft
4 thank you for your help have a great day !	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food if not then how about modern european food ?	there are four venues serving modern european food in the centre of town what price range do you want ?
2 i want the most expensive one available	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is the most expensive modern european restaurant
3 what is the address ?	darrys cookhouse and wine shop s address is 40270 king street city centre

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town	pizza hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at the east side of the city
2 is there another one as well ?	yes there are 8 more what type of food do you want ?
3 is there anything british available ?	there is one restaurant serving british food on the east side of town their name is grafton hotel restaurant would you like their contact information ?
4 what is the address and postcode ?	grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton in postal code c.b 5 8 pa would you like me to find any additional information ?
5 no i think that does it thank you for the info	you re welcome thank you for calling us today
6 goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south	we have nine do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range ?
2 i am looking for one that serves portuguese food and is cheap	i found one it is called nandos would you like for me to book it for you ?
3 yes please we would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on saturday	i am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place ?
4 no thank you,i will call again	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called cafe uno	caffe uno ? excellent choice ! would you like to make a reservation ?
2 yes please ! there will be 7 of us dining on sunday	at what time would you like the reservation ?
3 16:15 seems like a good time	i have booked the table for sunday the reference number is 1xgv4vgp is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 that s all i needed help with thanks a lot !	awesome thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre enjoy the restaurant !

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a museum to visit	there are many museums in town do you have a preference in area ?
2 no what can you recommend ?	do you like modern art ? cambridge contemporary art is great and admission is free
3 well the price is great what is there postcode ?	their postcode is cb21su is there anything else you need help with today ?
4 no you have been very helpful thank you	you re welcome have a great time !

#hotel#
1 hi there i m looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free	sure there are many options with free internet and parking what area of town do you prefer to stay in ?
2 i don t have a preference i wold just like a 4 star moderate	the acorn guest house fits your needs ! it has a four star rating and is located in the north would you like me to book it ?
3 maybe but are they expensive ? i would like something moderately priced if possible	no the acorn guest house is moderately priced i can book it for you if you would like
4 what type of hotel is it ?	it is a 4 star hotel not a guesthouse
5 okay that s all the information i need thank you !	you re very welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food	would you prefer cheap or moderate price range ?
2 i have no preference	two selections fit your requirements la tasca and la raza are both located in the centre part of town do either of those interest you ?
3 yes i would like the address of la raza please	la raza s address is 4 - 6 rose crescent is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a gastropub	okay there are four gastropubs in cambridge are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range ?
2 yes something in the centre of town please ?	i have 3 gastropubs in the center of town does price range matter to you ?
3 no price range does not matter	in that case i recommend backstreet bistro at 2 sturton street city centre would you like a table there ?
4 i m sorry i do need something expensive is backstreet bistro an expensive place ?	yes they are an expensive restaurant would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
5 yes i d like reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on saturday	booking was successful can i get you anything else ?
6 may i have the reference number ?	of course the reference number is jp761rjs
7 thank you so much	have a great day !

#train#
1 i d like a train from leicester to cambridge please !	on what day will you be travelling ?
2 i will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by 14:15	train tr5054 leaves leicester and arrives in cambridge at 13:54 would you like to book this train ?
3 sounds great can you please book it for 2 people ?	of course your total will be 75.59 gbp payable at the station your reference number is pcjmqzxo can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that s all	all right have a great trip !

#train#
1 looking for a train going stevenage	okay for what day and where are you departing from ?
2 i am looking at traveling on wednesday and departing from cambridge	is there a particular time you would like to leave ?
3 i want to leave after 20:45	train tr9016 leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22:10 would that work ?
4 yes i need a booking for 2 people please	booking was successful the total fee is 25.6 gbp payable at the station reference number is : w20ywctg
5 thanks ! that is all i needed	our pleasure please call us again and have a terrific day
6 you too good bye now	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a hotel it doesn t need to include internet but needs to be near the centre	i have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouse that fit your requirements do you have a price range preference ?
2 do any of them have free parking ?	yes i have two guesthouses in the cheap range and two hotels in the expensive range all in centre with free parking would you have any other criteria to narrow it down ?
3 yes what are their star ratings ? i d like one with a 4-star rating	i see two with a 4 star rating in the centre one is a guesthouse and one is a hotel
4 the hotel sounds good can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights starting monday ?	booking at university arms hotel was successful your reference number is uuzvcfbq do you need anything else ?
5 that will be all thanks	thank you let us know if you need more helpbye

#hotel#
1 can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please ?	there are 24 guest houses available is there a particular area of the city you d prefer to stay in ?
2 yes i d like to stay in the centre of town please	i have two options for you both offer free wifi and parking the el shaddai has no star rating or the alexander b & b has a 4-star rating
3 i ll take the el shaddai please	sure thing do you want me to book it for you ?
4 yes i want to book it for 2 nights 5 people starting on friday	the booking was successful your reference code is 8090x905 do you want further assistance ?
5 no that s all good bye !	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i d like you to tell me about great indian restaurants in the area it s okay if they are expensive	there are a total of 14 different expensive indian restaurants located throughout the city is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in ?
2 no choose one for me	curry garden has good reviews would you like to book there ?
3 sure ! can you book a table for 8 people at 17:30 on friday ?	sure your reference number is qlmrq3h2 anything else ?
4 thank you that s all i need right now bye	you re welcome goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking	i found 10 places do you have a hotel style preference of gueshouse or hotel or an area you prefer ?
2 i don t have a preference for the type but i would like a place in the east	there are three cheap guesthouses in the east area however they all have parking will this be okay or would you like to look at a different area or price ?
3 it sounds fine do any of them include free wifi ?	all of them include free wifi
4 what s the phone number and star rating of your favorite one ?	allenbell is my favorite it has four stars the phone number is 01223210353 shall i book that for you ?
5 that d be great thank you	you re welcome how many people are in your party and when will you arrive ? also how long would you like to stay ?
6 i will book on my own thanks	is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no thank you im finished	okay have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for mediterranean food in the center of the city	i show 3 available 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap may i book a table for you ?
2 i d like the expensive range and i d like to book a table for 7 people on saturday at 15:45	i have booked you at the shiraz restaurant for 7 people saturday at 15:45 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
3 thank you so much that is all i need today have a great evening	sure your reference number is msv3ups2 you will likely need it
4 great thanks so much !	thanks for calling you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves persian food	there are no restaurants serving persian food in the centre part of town
2 i would like a thai restaurant then	i see several options for thai food in the city centre would you like to narrow them down by price ?
3 yes please like to hear least to most expensive first	bangkok city is the only result and it is expensive
4 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for bangkok city is 24 green street city centr and the phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you with?
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and a 0 star rating	i have found three hotels which in the cheap and moderate price range they are also located in the north and centre area which do you prefer ?
2 one with moderate price range please	i have located citiroomz in the centre area would you like me to book you ?
3 yes please that would be great can you do it for 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday	sorry that booking was unavailable would you like to try another hotel ?
4 can you find a hotel in the same price range ?	how does lovell lodge sound ? it is in the moderate price range but it has a two star rating
5 do they have rooms available for 5 people for 5 nights starting on sunday ?	yes i was able to book that for you address is 365 milton road reference number is ewrn88mq would that work for you ?
6 yes that s fine thank you so much !	great enjoy your stay in cambridge
7 we will thanks again	great ! let me know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for some info on kohinoor	great ! kohinoor is an indian cuisine restaurant in the cheap price range ! is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes i d like to book a table for just me at 13:45 on friday	unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time would you like to try for another day or time ?
3 i could eat at 12:45 i hope that is available	that worked out for you ! your reference number is ihqk49w4
4 great thank you for all your help	thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like an expensive restuarant with chinese food	sure i have 9 restaurants like that is there a certain area you had in mind ?
2 i would like to stay in the south please	i have 2 chinese restaurants in the south both are expensive but worth the money ! i have the peking restaurant and the good luck chinese food takeaway
3 could you reserve a table for 5 at peking restaurant i need it for wednesday at 11:15	i was able to successfully book at table for 5 at peking restaurant for 11:15 your reference number is wok3ftdi your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
4 thank you so much that is all that i needed !	you are welcome !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a hotel called leverton house	the leverton house is a guesthouse in the east of the city their phone number is 01223292094
2 thank you please book a reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday	i am sorry but the leverton house was not available for your party on tuesday would you like me to look for another hotel ?
3 is there another hotel available in the same price range ?	in what area would you like ? leverton is in the east should the hotel be in the same area ?
4 no i don t care about the area just the price recommend me one ?	yes leverton is in the cheap price range would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no you said leverton wasn t available please just book a different hotel in the same price range as leverton thanks	i have booked you a room at the alexander bed and breakfast at 56 saint barnabas road your reference number is jgte0kgb is there anything else today ?
6 that will be all thank you	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town i will need their address	there is a cheap italian restaurant at 20 milton road chesterton or one that serves indian food at victoria avenue chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for information about city stop restaurant ?	i have pulled up city stop restaurant what information do you need ?
2 i would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45 and can i please get a reference number ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : omkmnjem
3 alright thank you very much that s all i need for now	you are welcome goodbye

#attraction#
1 i m looking to go to a college in the centre of town	i have about 13 different options most offer free entrance but there are a few that charge do you prefer one over the other ?
2 if you could give me the postcode phone number and entrance fee of the first one on the list that ll work thanks !	christ s college on st andrew s street is free the postcode is cb23bu and their phone number is 01223334900 can i help with anything else ?
3 that s all the information that i needed thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your time in cambridge

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	do you have a preference on the type of food ?
2 yes i would like greek food please	i m sorry there s no matches for greek food
3 okay can you search for british food instead then ?	there are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria may i suggest fitzbillies restaurant ?
4 that sounds great could you book a table for 2 people at 15:45 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : bsmdjmxh can i be of further assistance ?
5 thank you that s all i need today	okay great i m glad i could help have a great day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want something in the north that serves moroccan food	there is no moroccan restaurant in the north do you want to try something else ?
2 yes is there a french restaurant in the north part of town ?	restaurant two two serves french food and is located in the north part of town
3 what is their phone number ?	restaurant two two s phone number is 01223 351880 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 that s all thanks !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the west side of town	i m sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request
2 how about a restaurant that serves british food ?	we have three excellent options here do you prefer a moderate pricerange or expensive ?
3 a moderate price range please	i found saint johns chop house would you like me to book a table for you ?
4 no i just need an address with postcode and phone number	the address is 21-24 northampton street postcode: cb30ad and the phone number is 01223353110 is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no you have been a great help thank you	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking	ok there are 10 hotels that meet those criteria what part of town would you prefer ?
2 i would prefer a nice part of town	the city centre is nice there s alexander bed and breakfast a 4 star guesthouse that meets your criteria woiuld you like me to book a reservation
3 yes can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday ?	okay i will make the reservation

#hotel#
1 i need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking	i have 14 places that match your request is there a certain area or type of lodging that you would like ?
2 i am looking for a guesthouse type please	can i get information on the area you would like the guesthouse in ?
3 yes please and let try the north part of town	i have 5 guesthouses available in the north with free parking what star rating are you looking for ?
4 i don t have a preference	i d recommend the acorn guest house would you like to book a room ?
5 if the acorn guest house has free wifi please book it for me	what day would you like it booked for ?
6 starting sunday for 3 nights and 6 people	i am sorry but i was unable to book that for you should i try another hotel ?
7 yes lets try a different hotel in the same price range	i could try the home from home for you would that work for you ?
8 only if it has free parking	yes it does and i was able to book it for you ! the reference number is lco449vr
9 thank you so much that is everything i need	thank you for calling have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay with free wifi	all right we have many places to stay with free wi-fi what area of town would you like to stay in ?
2 i d like to be in the north and i need a place with free parking i d also like to keep the price to a moderate range	there are several places that meet that criteria do you have a preference on star rating ?
3 no could you make a recommendation based on that criteria and send me the postcode address and hotel type please ?	i recommend the kirkwood house it is a guesthouse with 4 star ratings the postcode is cb41da and the address is 172 chesterton road
4 that s all the information i need thank you so much for your help bye !	you re welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in the north side	there are many guesthouses and hotels on the north side do you have any preferences ?
2 i would like for the place to be 0 stars but has to include free wifi and free parking	i found the city centre north b and b would you like me to book you a room ?
3 yes i want to book it for 8 people starting sunday for 3 nights	okay your all set the reference number is 0is0gu49 can i do anything else for you ?
4 that s all thank you	you are welcome enjoy your stay !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please	certainly on what day do you want me to look ?
2 on tuesday from cambridge to norway leaving at 2030 hrs	i m sorry could you confirm your destination so i can get an accurate schedule
3 i m sorry i meant norwich not norway	i couldn t get you to norway but norwich is much more doable i ve got the tr2181 to norwich leaving at 20:36 with a fare of 1760gbp would that suit you ?
4 that would be perfect could you book it for 1 person and provide me a reference number ?	4ssokt22 is your reference number what else may i do for you ?
5 no thank you good bye	okay have a great time and be safe

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn t too high priced	saint johns chop house ?
2 where is saint johns chop house ?	it is at 21 - 24 northampton street
3 is this in the west part of town and can i get the phone number ?	saint johns chop house is in west part of town the phone number is 01223 353110
4 what type of food do they serve ? and to clarify this is moderately priced correct ?	saint johns chop house is a british restaurant in the west which is moderately priced
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a sports facility in the town centre	unfortunately i do not have any sports attractions in the centre of town can i look in another area or for a different type of attraction ?
2 how about a museum instead ?	how about the cambridge contemporary art museum located at 6 trinity street ?
3 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	the number there is 01223324222 anything else ?
4 what s their postcode and how much is it to get in ?	there is no entrance fee; it is free the postcode is cb21su may i help you with anything else ?
5 that s all thank you	excellent take care !

#restaurant#
1 i d like a place that serves world food in the east part of town	sorry but no world food restaurants in the east is found can i provide you something else
2 how about indian food ?	your options are curry prince pipasha restaurant rajmahal and sitar tandoori which one would you like more information regarding ?
3 i would like the address and phone number of curry prince	the curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else today ?
4 no thank you goobye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for an expensive indian restaurant what can you recommend ?	i found 14 expensive indian restaurants what location do you prefer ?
2 are there any in the centre location ?	panahar looks like a good choice it s on norfolk street in the city centre
3 that sounds great could you book me a table for thursday for 2 people at 11:00 ?	seems like i cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant thank you
4 um ok ? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange	i was able to make you a reservation at saffron brasserie on hills road in city centre for 2 people at 11:00 on thursday your reference number is 9vcxtczz
5 thank you so much have a nice day !	you too thank you

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives at the destination after 13:00	i will be happy to find one for you what day will you be traveling ?
2 i will be traveling on saturday and want to leave from peterborough	i have a 13:17 or a 15:17 ? would those departure times work for you ?
3 no i need an earlier train	i m afraid that s all we ve got
4 i m sorry i may have confused you i would want to go from petersborough to cambridge on saturday and arrive by 13:00 so anything that will get me there before that	sure when would you like to depart ?
5 it doesn t matter i just need to get to cambridge before 13:00 i will need 5 seats please	the tr5538 departs peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in cambridge at 12:38 with a duration of 50 minutes the cost is 13.20 pounds would you like to book a ticket on this train or should we look at some other times ?
6 that sounds perfect can you book that for 5 people for me please ?	booked ! you pay 66 gbp at the station reference number: z66eg4l8
7 you ve been very helpful thank you goodbye	have a good trip thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel	there are a total of 9 hotels currently that match your descriptions is there a certain price range or are location you need the hotel to be in ?
2 it should be in the moderate price range	the 2 hotels in the north have 2 stars the one hotel in the centre has 0 stars
3 okay it needs to be 4 stars what about guesthouses ?	unfortunately there are none in the moderate price range would you perhaps consider an expensive price ?
4 how about a guesthouse instead ?	there are several 4-star guesthouses with wi-fi in the moderate price range would you prefer to stay in the east or the northern part of town ?
5 it doesn t matter to me what part of town it s in what s your favorite ?	i do like the avalon it s a very nice place and it fits your requirements
6 ok can we book that for 4 people for 3 nights starting tuesday ?	2uovp3e0 is your confirmation may i get you anything else ?
7 no thanks for your help bye	i glad we could help have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants matching that description would you like a different type of food ?
2 korean might work are there any of those ?	little seoul serves korean food it s an expensive restaurant that is located in the city centre
3 may i have the telephone number ?	the number is 01223 308681 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a barbeque restaurant	where would you like to search for a restaurant and what price range would you prefer ?
2 i do not care about the price range or location	there are no restaurants serving barbeque
3 do you have an address phone number and postcode for a north american food restaurant ?	the gourmet burger kitchen is at regent street city centre post code c.b 2 1 ab the phone number is 01223 312598
4 thank you good bye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town ?	there are several in that price range at the centre what type of food would you like ?
2 good i like chinese food please	charlie chan looks great need a reservation ?
3 yes i need a reservation for 7 people on friday at 17:45 could i get the reservation number ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : vx834ja0
4 perfect thank you for all of your help have a good day	you are most welcome thanks for contacting towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre can you help me ?	la tasca and la raza serve spanish food in the centre of town what price range would you prefer
2 price range isn t an issue can you book me at the one with the most stars please on monday at 20:00 for 4 people please	i ve booked la raza for monday at 20:00 for four people your reference number is ld696ib9 the reservation lasts 15 minutes
3 thank you that is everything that i need	enjoy the rest of your day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for golden house restaurant	golden house serves cheap chinese food in the centre of town
2 great would you book a table for 1 on sunday at 12:00 please ?	i am sorry but the golden house was not available on sunday at 12:00 can i find another restaurant for you perhaps ?
3 sure can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices ? and can i get the reference number please ?	i was able to get you in at charlie chan another inexpensive chinese restaurant in the centre reference number p4k1b3x6 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is all ! thanks	enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant in the north side of town	ok did you have a certain price range of cuisine in mind ?
2 i don t have a price range i m looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food	i m sorry there are no restaurants listed serving catalan food in the north part of town would you like to try something else ?
3 how about french type food ?	restaurant two two is in the north area and serving french food can i help you with anything else ?
4 yes can i get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants ?	yes restaurant two two can be reached at 01223 351880
5 what is the area again sorry ?	it is located in the north part of town
6 thank you for your help have a great evening	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hey are there any expensive restaurants in the centre ?	there are thirty thee choices do you have a food type you would like to try ?
2 i would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please	how about bedouin ? it s an expensive african restaurant in the centre postcode cb12bd is there any other information you need ?
3 great that s all the information i needed today thank you !	your welcome ! have a great day !
4 same to you ! goodbye	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price	there are 11 different hotels to choose from what part of town would you like to stay in ?
2 i prefer a hotel near the main street i want a hotel that includes free wifi	do you mean in the center of town ?
3 actually location doesn t really matter so long as it s moderately priced 4 star and offers wifi	carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately priced four star guesthouse with wifi and parking in the east area would you care to make a reservation ?
4 sounds good starting monday please for 3 people 3 nights	i m sorry there are no rooms available at that time would you like a different day or shorter stay ?
5 i suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 3 people	i have a few rooms could you tell me the area of town you would prefer ?
6 it doesn t matter	i was able to get you a room for 3 people for 1 night starting monday at the acorn guest house the reference number is gxtsrby0
7 that is all thank you	thank you we ll be happy to help you with your future travel needs

#attraction#
1 can you help me find a college in the centre of town ?	there are a whopping 13 colleges in the centre of the city would you like me to suggest one for you ?
2 which is the best college in the centre and how can i contact them by phone ?	there are many options can i recommend one for you
3 please recommend one in the centre and i would also like the phone number	christ s college is nice
4 that sounds great can i please get their phone number ?	of course their phone number is 01223334900 is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
5 that would be all thank you very much	thank you for calling have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn t need to include internet	there are many guesthouses that meet your criteria do you have a pricerange in mind ?
2 i m looking for something that would be in the middle price point	i have located 15 guesthouse types in the moderate price range do you have a preference for a particular area of town ?
3 maybe the south ?	we have two in the south a 4 star and a 3 star do you have a preference ?
4 i don t care about that	how about the bridge guest house ?
5 does it have free wifi ?	yes the bridge guest house has free wifi can i book it for you ?
6 yes there will be six of us staying for two nights	what day did you want to check in ?
7 we are actually checking in starting on tuesday	i was able to book the bridge guest house for 6 people starting tuesday for 2 nights is there anything else i can help you with ?
8 yes can i have a reference number please ?	of course reference number coimdb7b can i help with anything else today ?
9 nope that s all i need for today thank you !	thank you as well let us know if you need help with anything else

#hotel#
1 greetings ! i need a cheap hotel to stay the night in could you help me ?	i certainly can i have about 10 available do you prefer a certain area of town ?
2 i would prefer a 0 star rating in the centre of town	the el shaddai is a guesthouse with 0 stars in the centre of town would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes as long as it falls in the cheap price range please	is it for just yourself ? for how long and on what day ?
4 the reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting sunday thank you	i was unable to book that for you perhaps we can try another day or a shorter stay ?
5 how about just one night ?	i have you down for one night your reference number is nf64lm1z anything else ?
6 that s all i need right now thanks	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called the leverton house	may i suggest the guesthouse called the leverton house
2 yes that is the one i wanted could i book a four night stay starting on saturday ?	how many people will be staying ?
3 there will be a total of 8 of us	i m sorry it doesn t look like they have rooms available would you like me to try a different hotel ?
4 sure you can try something different as long as it is in the same price range as leverton house	i was able to book allenbell reference number is kzburd59
5 thank you ! good bye	enjoy your stay

#attraction#
1 can you help me find a swimmingpool ?	sure what part of town are you looking for ?
2 something in the north please	there are two swimming pools in the north side would you like more information on either one or is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 yes i want the address and entrance fee to both please	jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river there is no entrance fee information availble
4 okay thank you so much !	you are welcome do you need anything else ?
5 no that is it thank you	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	what kind of food would you like ?
2 don t care	meghna serves moderately priced indian food and is in the west part of town
3 are there any other restaurants ?	there is saint johns chop house with moderate pricing in the west part of town
4 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street its phone number is 01223 353110 and the postcode is cb30ad is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that ll do it	thank you and have a great day !
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 l am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center	alright we have three restaurants available did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced ?
2 it is a special occasion so i am hoping for an expensive place	okay there s the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce i recommend backstreet bistro
3 what is the address and post code for the one you say is best ?	backstreet bistro is located at 2 sturton street city centre cb12qa
4 thanks so much i don t need anything more today	you are very welcome thank you as well have a great day and let me know if you need any more assistance

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos is a portuguese restaurant it is in the cheap price range and is on the south part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 what is their address	cambridge leisure park clifton way can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
4 that is all i need no further questions	ok good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town	sure thing what type of food were you thinking about ?
2 i would like to try some german food please	i am not finding anything for german food something else perhaps ?
3 lets change it to chinese food anything ?	how about the jinling noodle bar ?
4 that sounds good can you book it for sunday at 13:30 for 6 people ?	unfortunately there are no bookings available can i try one of the other chinese restaurants in the area ? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant ?
5 as long as they are moderate priced the shanghai sounds good	the booking at the shanghai was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes can i help you with anything else today ?
6 yes i need a reference number for the booking	the reference number is tg8voavx do you need anything else ?
7 no thank you that will be all	okay glad i could help enjoy dining there

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town	how about the hobsons house ?
2 is that a guesthouse ? i like the guesthouse style and i also need something that s moderately priced	yes it is a moderately priced guesthouse would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 not yet can i have the address there though ?	sure it is 96 barton road
4 can i also get the postcode ? and do they have free parking ?	they have free parking postcode is cb39lh anything else you need ?
5 no that s all thanks !	alright you re all set enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre can you help me find one ?	there are several expensive places in centre what type of food do you want
2 can you please try european food ?	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a favorite of mine can i book a table for you ?
3 that would be great can you book it for 5 people at 18:15 on friday ?	okay i ve booked you a reservation and your reference number is bns85603 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thanks for the help that s all i need have a great day goodbye	thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant	there are many expensive restaurants in town is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for ?
2 something in the south part of town would be great any cuisine is fine	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food is located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 yes please	chiquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton do you need the phone number ?
4 yes please	their phone number is 01223 400170
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre	there are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre is there a food type that you are interested in ?
2 i will just take the first one on the list can you make a reservation for 5 at 16:00 this tuesday ?	unfortunately bedouin doesn t have anything available would you like me to keep going down the list ?
3 yes the next one down the list	booking was a success it ll be at kymmoy and the reference number is x651if9f
4 just to be certain does kymmoy share the same area and price range as bedouin ?	yes it most certainly does
5 can you book that for me then ?	yes your booking reference number is x651if9f
6 thank you very much for your help	you re welcome will you be needing anything else today ?
7 no that will be all thank you for all of your help	you re welcome good-bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british cuisine	we have six do you have a preferred area of town ?
2 no preferred area but i need to know if i can book a table for saturday	what time on saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for ?
3 there will be 3 of us at 14:15	i was able to book a table at the grafton hotel they also serve british your reference number is 1ulfdv2t
4 thank you so much !	enjoy the rest of you day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant called mahal of cambridge	sure that s a great cheap indian restaurant in the centre of town what information do you need ?
2 could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on friday ?	yes i reserved that table for you reference number 196sqora can i be of further assistance ?
3 thank you for reserving it and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking ?	that booking was made for friday for a party of 5 at 12:00 was that correct ?
4 yes that s correct thank you	can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 no that s it thanks for your help !	thank you goodbye !

#hotel#
1 hey i m looking for a hotel that has free parking can you find one ?	sure there are quite a few hotels that offer parking any particular area or price range you looking for ?
2 i am looking for one in the expensive price range	the huntingdon marriott hotel i believe would be fine thank you
3 is the huntingdon marriott a hotel with free parking expensive and a 0 star.if so that would be great	how many nights will you be staying and for how many people ?
4 two guests will be staying for 4 nights beginning on monday	i m sorry i could not book you there could we try another hotel ?
5 yes please but it needs to be in the same price range	i don not have anything in the same price range in the west would you like to try another part of town or different price range ?
6 yes one in the same price range	i have an express by holiday inn cambridge would you like me to try to book you there ?
7 yes if you could that would be great	that one was successful ! your reference number is 057sx3x0
8 thanks that s all i need today goodbye !	let me know if you would my assistance goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a pricey indian place i wanna show off to my date	i have many good expensive indian restaurants in the cambridge area is there a specific part of town you would prefer ?
2 how about the center ? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a friday	unfortunately there are no tables available at that time would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day ?
3 can you try booking it for 15:45 instead ?	i was able to book that for you the reference number is vkrsafbu
4 thank you very much that is all for now goodbye	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town	what kind of food would like ?
2 any	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
3 are there any other options ?	royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town
4 that sounds great may i have their address please ?	royal spice s address is victoria avenue chesterton
5 thank you very much bye bye	enjoy !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for cheap lodgings	alexander bed and breakfast is an option it is located at 56 saint barnabas road
2 what s it s star rating ?	it has a 4 star rating would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 yes i need it for four people and five nights	what day do you want that booking to start ?
4 i need it to start thursday night and once it is booked can you send me the reference number ?	you re all set ! your reference number is xzy6oubq anything else i can help you with ?
5 no i ll let you know if anything else comes up	ok have a great day don t hesitate to contact us if you think of something you do need

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre	ok there are 2 guesthouses located in the centre of town they are in the cheap price range would you like to book one ?
2 do they both include free parking ?	yes they both have free parking
3 how about internet ? can i get wifi for free ?	yes they both have free wifi as well
4 thank you that s all goodbye	not a problem if you need more assistance let me know

#restaurant#
1 i need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre	i am sorry there are no listings for that type of place can i help you find one in another area ?
2 are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city ?	i am sorry but there is no traditional food in the cheap price range do you want a different type of cuisine or price range ?
3 how about ones that serve italian food ?	i have 3 cheap italian restaurants located in the centre of the city would you like to hear them ?
4 yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 14:00 please	sure i ve booked you at ask with reference number lk2p76os may i help with anything else ?
5 no that should be all thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#train#
1 i m actually in need of a train leaving thursday after 16:00 from cambridge to london kings cross can you find me one ?	certainly the earliest train by your specifications is tr1791 leaving at 17:00 and arriving at 17:51 would you like to book that train ?
2 great can you please give me the travel time and price ?	yes the travel time is 51 minutes and the price is 23.60 pounds
3 thank you ! that s all i needed	your very welcome ! have a nice day !
4 thank you very much	okay thank you again

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for some info on rice house restaurant	rice house has cheap food and is located at 88 mill road city centre may i book a table for you ?
2 yes i d like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on thursday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 5ma263eb
3 i was hoping to eat for longer than that any chance you could book it for at least one hour ?	your booking has been successful there is no direct time limit for your meal once you arrive is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 ok thank you very much for your help	you are very welcome ! have a great time ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food	there are no records matching your criteria would you like a different type of food or area ?
2 is there a asian oriental type food available ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food and is in the north part of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 of course !	the address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	your welcome thanks for calling

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse	what area of town ?
2 it should be in the west and have a star rating of 4	how about finches bed and breakfast ?
3 i d like to book for 7 people 2 nights on saturday please	booking was successful reference number is : fnajhewg
4 thank you for your help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no there s nothing more	thank you for contacting us have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi i d like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant	there are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences is there anything else you d be interested in ?
2 how about north american food ?	gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food is in the expensive price range and is in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
3 yes i would like their phone number and postcode please	gourmet burger kitchen s phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is c.b 2 1 ab may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you for the information goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want an expensive restaurant and serves european food what is the phone number ?	there is cambridge lodge restaurant in the west area their phone number is 01223 355166 can i help you with anything else ?
2 thank you	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 am looking for a train the train should leave on monday and should depart from cambridge	there are many trains available do you have a specific day or time in mind ?
2 i would like to travel on monday after 12:00	what is your destination ?
3 i want to go to leicester	the next train after 12:00 leaves at 12:21 would you like to purchase tickets for that train or is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i d just like the travel time and train id for that one please	12:21 and time is 105 minutes may i hemp with anything else ?
5 yes can you please tell me the train id that departs at 12:21 ?	my apologies the id is tr4096 and the duration is 105 minutes is there anything else that i can help you with ?
6 that is all for now thank you so much for the information	you re quite welcome have a safe trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for information on the yippee noodle bar	sure ! yippee noodle bar is a moderately priced asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town what other other information can i get for you ?
2 can i get the address and phone number ?	sure yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 king street city centre the phone number is 01223518111 how else may i assist you ?
3 on second thought could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on sunday ?	the yippee noodle bar doesn t have a table available at that time would you like to try another ?
4 sure please try for 11:30 sunday still 5 people thanks	all right your table is reserved the reference number is gvnn1k5v
5 thanks for your help	no problem ! thank you and have a nice day

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel	we have no hotels with that criteria but i can search for a 3-5 star hotel if you d like
2 the hotel should include free parking and should be in the east	ok we have two guesthouses with that criteria the carolina bed and breakfast and the warkworth house
3 i need a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on sunday	i was able to book you at warkworth house the reference number is vtzk341t can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that is perfect thank you very much	you are welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town	which price range are you looking for ?
2 i don t care what have you found ?	there is taj tandoori would you like the information ?
3 yes please phone number and address	their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton
4 thank you bye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train from bishops stortford please i need to arrive by 21:45	sure which day do you need to travel ? are you going to cambridge ?
2 i need to go to cambridge on monday	what time do you want to depart ?
3 i m not sure whatever gets me there by 21:45 can you tell me travel time and cost as well ?	yes travel time will be 38 minutes and the cost of ths journey is 10.10 pounds
4 that s great thanks for your help	there is a train departing bishops stortford and arriving in cambridge at 20:07 on monday would you like me to book that for you ?
5 yes please book it for me thanks	how many tickets would you like booked for that trip ?
6 just one please	you are booked for train id tr5806 that leaves at 19:29 the reference number is eojdk0by do you have any other concerns ?
7 how long will be the ride and how much will it cost me ?	the fee is 10.1 gbp payable at the station the duration of the ride is 38 minutes
8 thank you so much !	you are very welcome can i offer any other assistance ?
9 no i am all set thanks bye	have a nice trip bye

#hotel#
1 any chance you can direct me to where i can locate a cheap room for the night ?	sure we have a lot of cheap places to stay is there an area of town that you prefer ?
2 a guest house with free parking would be just the thing	might i suggest the alexander bed and breakfast ? they re cheaply priced ranked 4 stars and they do offer free parking
3 that sounds perfect actually can you book me a room on thursday for 5 people for a 4 night stay ?	that booking was successful your reference number is d3q7safm is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no that gives me everything i need	ok great have a nice day bye

#hotel#
1 good afternoon i am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house	there are 6 possible places that fit your request would you like more information or to add additional search preferences ?
2 can you see if any of them offer free parking ?	5 of the guesthouses offer parking what is your price range preference ?
3 honestly any price range will do can you suggest one for me and help me with booking a room ?	absolutely can i suggest the warkworth house at a moderate price range or the autumn house at a cheap price range do either of these interest you ?
4 i would consider both i need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on thursday can either of them offer that ?	i am having difficulty booking either of the can you find another day or time that would suit you ?
5 i really need to stay during that time frame would you mind checking again ?	ok you re all booked for 3 nights at the warkworth house starting thursday your reference number is ac1nvw47 can i help with anything else today ?
6 no that will be all thanks !	you re welcome goodbye !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street	i can help with that ! what day will you be traveling ?
2 tuesday leaving sometime after 19:45	train tr3515 will be leaving cambridge at 19:59 on tuesday and will arrive at london liverpool street by 21:27 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes please ! could you please give me a price ?	the price is 16.60 pounds how many tickets will you be needing ?
4 thank you very much,that s2 all	if you d like us to reserve tickets for you please keep us in mind we would be happy to help with that
5 sure i will thank you	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a cheap hotel	i found ten results ! what area of town would you like ?
2 hmm i m not sure i am looking for a guesthouse type though and it doesn t need to have free parking	i have 9 that matches your needs shall i recommend a nice one ?
3 i would prefer one in the cheap range a moderately priced one is fine if a cheap one isn t there	the alexander bed and breakfast is a good option
4 does the alexander have internet ?	yes it does have internet ! would you like me to book that for you ?
5 not yet can i get the phone number ?	their number is 01223525725
6 that s all thanks !	thank you good day to you

#restaurant#
1 hi i want a french restaurant in the expensive price range	cote is a french restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range
2 could you please find me a different restaurant ?	another option is restaurant two two would you like more information on that restaurant ?
3 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone is 01223 351880 and the postcode is c.b 4 3 a.x
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal goodbye
5 bye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive danish place	are you looking for a danish restaurant ?
2 yes please in the centre of town	i am sorry i have no listings for that type of restaurant is there any other type of food you would like ?
3 is there an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre ?	yes i was able to locate 4 can i book a table for you ?
4 yes please,for tonight at 9 pm if possible	i will make a booking for you at hk fusion but i do need to know what day and time you prefer and for how many people
5 for four thursday 11:45	booking unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
6 yes please in the same area and price range	booked at ugly duckling reference number: eqfgnmfy table will be held for 15 minutes
7 thanks so much !	is there anything else that i can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip ?
8 that was all i needed today thank you !	thank you have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves indian food	do you have a preference as to what part of town ?
2 i don t care	curry prince is an indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the east do you want the address and phone number ?
3 indian food	rajmahal is an indian restaurant in the east part of town and in the moderate price range how does that sound ?
4 may i have the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a particular hotel ?	of course do you know the name of the hotel ?
2 we should be able to help you locate a hotel that will fit your needs	thats good,but can i get the name of the particular hotel you are looking for,please ?
3 no.just look up any 3 star hotel,please	there are 33 hotels that are 3 star is there a particular part of the city ?
4 any will do as long as it s in the same price points i need a reference number too please	what is the price range you are looking to book in ?
5 what ever finches is listed at i need the reference number after its booked please	alright how many people are staying how many days do you want to stay and what day to you want your stay to start ?
6 i need it for 4 nights staring from thursday for 6 people please	i m sorry i was unable to book that for you would you like to try another hotel ?
7 yes please one in the same price range	sure i was able to book you into the cambridge belfry and your reference number is 4myondfw
8 great thank you that is all i need	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves world food	im sorry there are no restaurants that serve world food can i help you with something else ?
2 how about portuguese food ?	nandos serves portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range
3 what is the phone number and address ?	the phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre	okay what price range would you like ?
2 it should be in the cheap price range	the dojo noodle bar is at 40210 millers yard city centre and meets your criteria what time would you like to book ?
3 i d like to book a table for 1 at 12 on tuesday	ok i will make you a reservation for 12:00 tuesday for 1 anything else i can help with ?
4 yes i ll need the reference number of my reservation	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 0c4kyz3k
5 thanks that s all i need good bye	you re welcome ! have a great day and enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive romanian restaurant please	there are no restaurants serving romanian food
2 how about korean food ?	little seoul is an expensive restaurant that serves korean food
3 what area is this in ?	little seoul is located in the centre of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 can i have the address please	little seoul is at 108 regent street city centre

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food	i don t see any indonesian restaurants at all would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant in the east ?
2 how about a chinese restaurant in the north ?	there are three chinese restaurants in the north are you looking for a specific price range ?
3 i m sorry i meant a chinese restaurant in the east any price range is ok	how about yu garden it is in the east part of town and serves chinese food
4 okay may i have the address phone number and post code please ?	the address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton the postcode is c.b 5 8 p.a and the phone number is 01223 248882
5 thank you goodbye	good bye

#attraction#
1 yes i was wondering if there are any cinemas in the centre of town	vue cinema is in the center of town
2 can i get their phone number ?	the number is 08712240240 is there anything else can i do ?
3 thank you i am all set	you are welcome have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for somewhere to stay in the east	there are 7 hotels in the east do you have a price range or other needs to narrow them down ?
2 yes i would like it to be cheap and a type of guesthouse	i have three hotels that meet your needs would you like more information on them ?
3 which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this monday ?	i was able to book you in the autumn house with reference number 8bcynw35 may i help with anything else ?
4 that is all thank you	let us know if we can help further good day

#attraction#
1 i need information on the scott polar museum	ok what kind of information are you looking for ?
2 i need the type the phone number and the postcode for it please	it is a museum the phone number is 01223336540 and the postcode is cb21er
3 great ! thanks for all your help	can i help you with anything else ?
4 nope that s all i needed today thanks !	thank you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town i would also like the address and phone number	there is an indian and a chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area would you like the address and phone for one of those ?
2 yes i would like the address and phone number for each	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and there address is 01223 350688 the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called aylesbray lodge guest house	there is an aylesbray lodge guest house located at 5 mowbray road would you like me to provide you with any more information or help you book the hotel ?
2 great i am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting sunday	i m sorry i can t book at aylesbray lodge for 2 days would you like a shorter stay ?
3 yes 1 night is fine	great you re all set your reference number is wk3e72px
4 thank you good-bye	thank you very much bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to cambridge please	there are many trains to cambridge where will you be departing from ?
2 i ll be departing from norwich on sunday	ok there doesn t appear to be any trains leaving then could you leave later ?
3 i can leave at 10:45	i apologize for the earlier confusion we have several trains that will meet your needs tr6419 departs norwich on sunday at 11:16 will that work for you ?
4 yes can you tell me the total travel time as well ?	it is going to be 79 minutes total
5 great that s all i need goodbye !	have a nice day

#train#
1 i want to book a train that departs from cambridge and arrives in peterborough by 21:45	not a problem what day will that be for ?
2 i would like to travel on saturday. cambridge to bishops stortford	i have about 8 trains going that route the last train for that route arrives at 20:07 it leaves at 19:29 would this arrival time work for you ?
3 yes please book this for 4 people please give me the reference number	ok tr 4673 is booked for 4 people the reference number is by93go28
4 okay great thank you very much	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 i would like to book a restaurant for 4 people after i arrive	i am sorry i have no details for restaurants at your bishops stortford destination can i help you with anything else ?
6 no thank you	are you sure ? if you know which area (east west centre etc...) or what type of food you re looking for i would be happy to find you a restaurant
7 no that s all thanks !	you are welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 i would like to get information on the bridge guest house	i can definitely help with that it s moderately priced and is located in the south they offer free wifi and parking would you like help booking a room with them ?
2 thanks ! i will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from monday	the booking was successful ! your reference number is 6newyj6y can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that s all for me today goodbye !	okay glad we could help !

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for a modern european restaurant in the center	is there a particular price range that you would prefer ?
2 maybe something in the moderate range	we have two such restarants de luca cucina and bar on regent street and riverside brasserie on mill lane do you have a preference ?
3 can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for riverside brasserie can i get a reference number ? thank you	sure thing your reservation number is 3badcf9i anything else i can help with today ?
4 that actually takes care of all my needs ! thanks a ton !	great enjoy your dinner and have a nice day thank you !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town	i have listings for two what price range are you looking for ?
2 is one of them cheap ?	yes la raza is a cheap priced spanish restaurant in the centre would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 yes please make a reservation for thursday at 16:15 there will be 7 of us	i was unable to book this restaurant would you like to try another one ?
4 could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange	yes i will look for different restaurant
5 were you able to find anything ?	we do not have another spanish restaurant would you like chinese or italian perhaps ?
6 can you look for chinese restaurants please	i have 3 charlie chan rice house or golden house would you like me to book one for you today ?
7 okay yes pick one perhaps the golden house	the booking was successful your reference number is c3nr2dw2 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no that s all i needed have a nice day	okay glad i could help enjoy your dining experience
9 thanks so much have a great day !	thank you for using our service and enjoy your time in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range	i have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements do you have a preference ?
2 are there any italian ones ?	there are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre including a pizza hut do you have any preferences ?
3 no i don t have any preferences the pizza hut sounds good can i get their phone number and postcode ?	sure they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode anything else i can help you with today ?
4 nope that s all i need for now thanks for your help	okay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay please a guesthouse would be great	acorn guest house has good ratings would you like to stay there ?
2 is it in the north ? i need to be in the north area of the city	yes acorn guest house is a 4 star guest house with free internet and free parking in the north part of town should i book it for you ?
3 yes please book starting thursday for 4 people and for 4 nights	i m sorry there were no rooms available would you like to find another hotel ?
4 could you try another hotel in the same price range and if you make a reservation give me the reference number ?	will you be needing free parking ?
5 i do not need free parking	acorn guest house is in the moderate price range are you looking to book in that pricerange then ?
6 yes that would be fine moderate price range	the acorn is not available but i went ahead and booked the alpha-milton guest house your reference number is sjz9zj8v
7 good thanks for your help	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i m interested in a place called restaurant one seven what can you tell me about it ?	restaurant one seven serves british food ! it is moderately priced !
2 awesome ! can you book a table for me ? 4 people at 15:30 on monday thanks !	okay i have you booked there for monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0j39ojvt
3 great thank you ! that s all i need	it was my pleasure to help you please feel free to call us again in the future have a nice day

#train#
1 i m looking for a train please	where are you leaving from and where would you like to go ?
2 i plan to leave from stevenage to go to cambridge	okay there are 70 trains that go from stevenage to cambridge would you like to narrow it down by day or time ?
3 i want to leave on sunday and arrive by 12:15	trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr1542 stevenage cambridge sunday 05:54 06:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes tr5870 stevenage cambridge sunday 07:54 08:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes tr7802 stevenage cambridge sunday 09:54 10:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes tr8225 stevenage cambridge sunday 11:54 12:43 10.24 pounds 49 minutes are the opitions
4 thank you i will check them out and get back to you	you are welcome call back anytime you are ready to book
5 that information is very overwhelming can you please pick the best option that meets my criteria and book for 6 people	i would like to book the tr7802 stevenage cambridge sunday 09:54 10:43 please
6 i think you re confused i need the info you re the help desk	i apologize for the mistake i have booked six tickets for you and your party on the tr7802 train departing from stevenage at 09:54 and arriving at cambridge at 10:43
7 that s more like it and what s the reference number ?	your reference number is ddba2u1r the total fee is 61.44 gbp payable at the station may i help with something else ?
8 that was all thank you	thanks for using our services

#train#
1 i need a train from london liverpool street station on wednesday	what is your destination please ?
2 i am heading to cambridge for an important visit can you get me there by 11:00 ?	there is one train leaving at 7:39 arriving at 9:07 would that work for you ?
3 that should be perfect how many tickets can i get ?	you can buy up to eight tickets
4 just one is fine	ok the price is 16.60 pounds for 1 ticket do you want me to book it ?
5 could you tell me the travel time please first ?	yes it s 88 minutes may i help with anything else ?
6 that s all the info i needed today thank you for your help !	thank you ! have a wonderful day !

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a guesthouse in the north ?	we have 11 guesthouses available in the area what is your price range and what amenities would you like in the guesthouse ?
2 it should include free parking	how about acorn house ?
3 is it in the moderate range ?	yes.its within the moderate range
4 what is the star rating of this guest house address and phone number ?	the star rating is 4 their phone number is 01223353888 the address is 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da
5 great just gathering information for now that s everything i needed thanks	glad i was able to help thank you
6 you re welcome	call us again sir have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for italian food on the south side of the city	do you prefer moderately priced or expensive ?
2 no preference please	i have pizza hut cherry hinton which is in the moderate price range and frankie and bennys which is in the more expensive price range which would you prefer ?
3 i ll pass on the pizza hut yuck let s go with frankie & benny s can i get a table for 1 on sunday at 12:15 please ?	your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is c6eu44qq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 i wanted the reservation for 12:15 is that what you booked for me ?	yes you have a reservation for 1 person at 12:15 on sunday at frankie and bennys can i help you with anything else today ?
5 no that is all i need thank you !	great ! enjoy your meal let me know if i can help with anything else

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food	i m sorry we do not have any cuban restaurants in the moderate price range would you like a different food type ?
2 is there any restaurants that serve british food ?	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would you like more information about this location ?
3 can i have their phone number ?	fitzbillies restaurant s number is 01223 352500 would you like the address as well ?
4 no thanks that is all !	you re welcome enjoy your food
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the south	there are 4 places in the south 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel which would you prefer ?
2 i am looking to stay at a place with four stars please	the aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star hotel located at 5 mowbray road
3 thank you for the help	great ! have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	there are a great number of chinese restaurants in town ! is there a specific area you d like me to check in or do you have a price range in mind ?
2 how about the center in a moderate price range	jinling noodle bar will meet your needs would you like to make a reservation ?
3 yes please do they have any openings on monday at 17:45 ? there will be 2 of us	unfortunately there are no tables at that time do you have another time ?
4 hmm well ok how about at 16:45 instead ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : jz0q7bt0 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food ?	i apologize there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food would you like another type of food ?
2 how about portuguese food ?	nandos is serves portuguese food is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes phone number and address please	there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is cambridge leisure park clifton way is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed to know have a good day	thank you
5 goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town would you like their location ?
2 i want to know their address phone number and type of food please	the missing sock serves international food and is located at finders corner newmarket road the phone number is 01223 812660
3 thank you that is all i needed to know have a good night	thank you for using our system good night

#restaurant#
1 can i get a korean restaurant in the town centre ?	little seoul is located in the town centre
2 can you tell me the address phone number and postcode of little seoul please ?	sure little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre its phone number is 01223 308681 and the postcode is cb21dp is there anything i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range	hello what type of food are you looking for ? there are 21 locations that fit these criteria
2 i am looking for one that serves turkish food	i have anatolia and efes restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 no i just need the address of one of them	very well the address for anatolia is 30 bridge street city centre
4 thank you for the help	you re welcome may i help with anything else ?
5 no i think i have everything i need thanks !	thank you for using our services have a great day !
6 great day too	thanks for using our services

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking	what price range are you looking for ?
2 i don t care about that i do want a place with a 4-star rating	there are 16 entries here personally i recommend allenbell
3 that sounds good as long as it s got parking can you get me the address ?	how about the allenbell ? the address is 517a coldham lane
4 sounds great thanks for your help that is all i need bye	thank you and have a great day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for international food anywhere in town	there are 3 results for international restaurants do you care about the price range ?
2 i don t care	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street their phone number is 0871 942 9180 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town ?	there are mexican italian chinese and indian restaurants on the south part of town in the expensive price range do you have a particular type ?
2 italian sounds good can you give me an address and phone number ?	the phone number for frankie and bennys is 01223 412430 can i help you with anything else ?
3 that will do it goodbye	you re welcome thank you and goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre	there are 33 restaurants in the area what type of food are looking to eat ?
2 i would like japanese food	i have found wagamama that is an expensive japanese restaurant located in the centre would you like to make a reservation ?
3 yes can i make a reservation for 4 people at 17:30 on sunday ?	unfortunately i wasn t able to get that reservation would you like to try somewhere else ?
4 yes i need to find another place like that one though	i am sorry there are no others in that area would a different area be okay ?
5 maybe try one more time any type of food exepensive in the centre of town	okay i ve booked you at little seoul a korean place that is expensive in the centre with reference number ptwg73v3 may i help with anything else ?
6 no thank you goodbye	okay enjoy your dining experience

#restaurant#
1 yes i would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town	would you prefer italian or vietnamese food ?
2 italian would you reserve a table for 5 for me ? i d like that to be at 14:00 on tuesday	booking was unsuccessful for la margherita would you like me to try booking for the vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh ?
3 sure let s do that	i reserved a table for you at thanh binh the reference number is xx1tf9gv is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thanks for all your help	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a particular restaurant called j restaurant	that is a great cheap restaurant located in the city centre would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday	your booking is confirmed 2 people on tuesday at 16:45 for j restaurant reference is h9zg8n17 can i help with anything else ?
3 no that s all i needed thank you !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food	there s a very nice japanese restaurant in the center of town it s pretty expensive
2 that s ok because it s for a special occasion can you give me the phone number ?	yes it s 01223462354 what else can i help you with ?
3 no thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#attraction#
1 i would like to find information on boats in town	i have about 4 different attractions for boating 2 are in the centre of town and one in the north and east do you have a preference on area ?
2 no any is fine can you tell me what area one of them is in and also the entrance fee ?	camboats is on the east side unfortunately i don t have information on the entrance fee
3 okay thanks	you re welcome can i assist you with anything else ?
4 no that s all for today goodbye	have a great day ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food	there are 5 that fit your criteria 3 in the centre of town are eraina michaelhouse cafe darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west
2 what do you recommend ?	i personally recommend eraina would you like a table booked ?
3 yes please can i get a table for 6 at 13:45 on tuesday ?	sure thing you are booked with ref # rc9wctwx
4 thanks so much have a nice day	my pleasure thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a fantastic day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town what is the phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 351707
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your dinner !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town	there are 9 restaurants that fit that description are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant ?
2 price range doesn t matter which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend ?	i d recoment the mahal of cambridge it s inexpensive and conveniently located would you like me to book you ?
3 that sounds fine can you book for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look at another location ?
4 yes can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range ?	how about the ghandi ?
5 ok lets try there	your all set reference number is hkbdrn69 anything else ?
6 no thank you	okay thanks so much for calling enjoy your evening !

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a place to go in the south	there are a lot of things to do in the south do you know what kind of attraction you were looking for ?
2 i have no preference what do you recommend ?	well if you re looking for a museum i recommend the byard art the phone is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king s parade
3 what is the entrance fee ?	the entrance fee is free anything else today ?
4 no thanks that is it for today	okay i hope you enjoy the rest of your day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving turkish food	there are three restaurants serving turkish food in the center of town what price range would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range	anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre it is located at 30 bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223 362372 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range	the yippee noodle bar is a moderate priced asian oriental restaurant does that sound good ?
2 no the restaurant should serve modern european food	sure i have at least two choices for you one is the de luca cucina and bar and the other is the riverside brasserie both are located in the center would either of them interest you ?
3 let s try the brasserie	if you d like a reservation i will need to know what day and time you d like your reservation and how many will be in your party
4 just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday	you re all set your reference number is ivgzlytz
5 thanks that s all i need !	alright thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves belgian food	i have nothing available meeting your request would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine ?
2 yes is there any expensive european eateries ?	yes there are 4 expensive restaurants serving european food which area would you like ?
3 what is the address of the restaurant ?	michaelhouse cafe is at st michael s church trinity street city centre how does that sound ?
4 what is its phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 309147
5 okay thanks and what area is it in please ?	it is in the centre part of town
6 that s good thanks	would you like anything else ?
7 that s all thank you goodbye !	your welcome thanks for calling

#hotel#
1 i am looking fot a hotel allenbell	hotel allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane the telephone number is 01223210353 would you like me to book the hotel ?
2 yes well i would like to book it for 3 nights staring from wednesday for 4 people	i m sorry those times are not available is there another hotel you would like to try ?
3 yes please try another hotel in the same price range	i booked a room at the autumn house on newmarket road the reference number is d7hjjcu8 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that s all i needed have a nice day	great glad i could help enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant named hakka	the hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north area would you like to make a booking today ?
2 can i make a book a table for 7 people on thursday at 12:15 ?	i apologize but i was not able to book you for the restaurant would you like for me to find you another restaurant ?
3 is there another restaurant in the same area that is in the same price range ?	saigon city is also in the expensive price range and on the north side of town they have asian oriental cuisine shall we try there ?
4 yes please for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday please i will need the reference number too	i have booked a reservation at 12:15 for 7 people on thursday the reference number is klofpfum is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s perfect thank you so much	thank you for using our system !
6 have a nice day good bye	if there is anything else don t hesitate to contact us again good bye

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for something to do in the west part of town it sould involve multiple sports	unfortunately none of those places exist here any other preferences ?
2 hm can you tell me about what entertainment venues might be on the west side of town instead ?	there s a fun place called whale of a time at unit 8 viking way bar hill
3 thank you can i please get an address and postal code is there an entrance fee that will be charged	the address is unit 8 viking way bar hill in postcode cb238el i m sorry i do not know if there is an entrance fee do you need anything else ?
4 nope that s all i needed today i appreciate your help !	you are welcome ! have fun ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest mexican restaurant ?	chiquito restaurant bar is at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
2 thank you goodbye	your welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	there is portuguese and chinese restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town which do you prefer ?
2 either is fine could you provide me their address and post code ?	nandos address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and thier post code is c.b 1 7 d.y
3 i would like to know which type of food nandos is serving	nandos serves portuguese food will there be anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no thanks goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for ian hong house	that is a chinese restaurant in the centre of town
2 ok i d like to book for 6 people at 1400 on saturday please	i have that booked for you and here is your reference number: xdyjmto7 is there anything else ?
3 no you were super efficient thank you goodbye	it was my pleasure have a great day !

#train#
1 i need to find a train departing from cambridge that arrives at 18:00	what are the other requests ?
2 i need to go to leicester from cambridge and i need to leave on sunday	there are many trains available tr5173 leaves at 08:21 and arrives at 10:06 would you like me to book that for you ?
3 great can i get tr5173 booked for 3 people please ?	ok i booked that for you the total fee is 90.72 gbp and your reference number is : ave1068h
4 thanks so much i appreciate the help have a nice day	okay thank you for calling

#hotel#
1 i need a place with rated 4 stars in the east can you help me find one that like a guesthouse ?	i have found the allenbell guesthouse it meets all of your criteria is in the cheap price range and provides internet and parking would you like me to book it ?
2 yes please i need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday can i get a reference number ?	the reference number for your booking is kebftr7i can i do anything else for you ?
3 thank you that is it for today goodbye	okay great have a safe trip goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant called the slug and lettuce	i found a listing for the slug and lettuce the address is 34 - 35 green street in the center of town it serves gastropub food
2 that sounds great could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this saturday ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time ?
3 yes is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range ?	i have backstreet bistro and the cow pizza kitchen bar they both serve gastropub food which one do you prefer ?
4 nah either one is fine i need a reference number though	ok i have booked you at the backstreet bistro reference number 42vfs0sm is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that will be all thank you for your help !	okay glad i could help

#restaurant#
1 can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range ?	that will be no problem we have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the city is there a cuisine you d prefer ?
2 i ll just take the first one on the list can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on saturday ?	i ve book you at lan hong house located at 12 norfolk street city centre your reference number is xpq6j119
3 thank you so much !	may i help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions ?
4 no thank you thank you for your help	let us know if you need help good day

#restaurant#
1 do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food ?	there are no caribbean restaurants would you like something else ?
2 what about a restaurant that serves chinese food ? what is their phone number ?	there are many chinese restaurants to choose from do you have a preferred area of town ?
3 no it doesn t matter	let me provide you with a couple options charlie chan- phone 01223 361763 or golden house - phone 01842 753771
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves gastropub food	the cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food and is in the moderate price range
2 may i please have the phone number ?	01223 308871 will that be all ?
3 thank you that s all	you re welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what is the phone number ?	golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town
2 is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town ?	yes there is an expensive french restaurant called restaurant two two
3 what is the phone number of that one please ?	the phone number of it is 01223 351880
4 what is the phone number ?	restaurant two two s phone number is 01223 351880 how else may i assist you ?
5 that is all thank you	my pleasure goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where i can eat russian food	unfortunately there aren t any russian restaurants in that location would you like another type of food or perhaps a different location ?
2 then how about one that serves chinese food ?	there are 5 such restaurants i recommend the rice house would you like a reservation ?
3 yes could you make a booking for 8 people at 16:00 on thursday ?	the rice house if booked full for that time i could try the charlie chan or the golden house for you if you wish
4 sure that s fine try any one of those i ll need the reference number too please	i was able to book you a table at the jinling noodle bar on regent street your reference number is gjptb7cd is that all for today ?
5 yes that will be all thanks for your help bye	enjoy your meal at the jinling noodle bar have a great day

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge	i can find you a train what day and time would you like to travel ?
2 i need to arrive by 14:45	i have trains that meet you criteria for most days of the week do you have a day or departure time preference ?
3 i want to leave on wednesday	tr9545 arrives at 13:38 on wednesday would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes i would could you book that for 6 people please ?	the booking was successful the total fee is 99 gbp payable at the station the reference number is lnkduqpe
5 thank you so much for your help	welcome again next time.enjoy the journey
6 thank you that is all i need	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye for now

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive gastropub should you have such a beast	i show 3 they are in the expensive price range 2 are in the centre and 1 is in the east may i book a table for you ?
2 yes can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on wednesday for 6 people ?	yes backstreet bistro has an opening for 6 people at 11:45 on wednesday
3 please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done	it turns out they were all booked but i was able to get you a table at the slug and lettuce with reference number pgv6hf9f may i help with anything else ?
4 no but i will try that place	have a great day !
5 thank you !	enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine	certainly what type of food interests you ?
2 i like ethnic food particularly indian food	great i have a bunch of options for you do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for ?
3 the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food	there are 14 expensive indian restaurants which area do you prefer ?
4 area does not matter to me please book it for 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday i also need the reference number	i m sorry sir i m having trouble making that booking would you like to try for a different time or a different day ?
5 yes please book 5 people at 18:30 i also need the reference number	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is xot3l3nr
6 thank you good bye !	thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	what type of cuisine would you prefer ?
2 i dont care	the chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
3 are there any others ?	yes there is frankie and bennys italian restaurant in the expensive price range and in south do you want the address ?
4 i would like the phone number and postcode please	the phone number for frankie and bennys is 01223 412430 and postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
5 nope that ll do it thank you very much !	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant located in cambridge centre	what type of food would you like ?
2 i am in the mood for chinese food please	i have found 4 restaurants that fit that description how does hk fusion sound ?
3 perfect i need a table for 1 at 19:45 on thursday	ok i have that booked the reference number is ebzipgv2
4 great that is all i need thanks	you re welcome please call us again in the future have a great day
5 will do ! thank you hope you have an amazing day as well	i am glad the cambridge towninfo centre helped you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 find a moderately priced place for me please	what type of food do you want ?
2 i don t care	which area would you like ?
3 on the east side of town please	rajmahal is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
4 great ! what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 244955 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 hello i m looking for a train from cambridge to norwich	certainly there are many trains going that route can you specify which day you d like to travel ?
2 sorry i want to leave on saturday after 20:30	there is a train saturday at 20:36 does that work for you ?
3 yes that works great can i book that for 5 people please ?	i have confirmed booking for 5 tickets your reference number is cid6uhhf the total fee is 70.4 gbp payable at the station can i help with anything else ?
4 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	great ! i m glad we could help

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for italian food in the north part of town	da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
2 may i have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria ?	da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton their phone number is 01223 351707 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome please enjoy your day

#train#
1 can i find a train to peterborough departing from cambridge	are you interested in train tr9859 which leaves friday by 5:06 and arrives by 5:56 ?
2 the train should leave on thursday and should arrive by 15:15 so thyat one may not help me	tr5146 will arrive by 14:56 in peterborough on thursday would you like to book a seat ?
3 no that won t be necessary could you just let me know what the departure time is for that one ?	it departs at 14:06
4 that s very helpful thanks ! that is all i need	thanks for contacting us please let us know if we can help you in the future

#attraction#
1 i need a recommendation for some entertainment in the city	i d be happy to help you whale of a time is in the west side of town and funky fun house is in the east would you like more information ?
2 do you have anything else closer to the centre of town ? or perhaps a theater ?	the cambridge arts theatre is in the centre area would you like more information ?
3 yes please can i have the phone number and entrance fee	sure the phone number is 01223503333 but i m not sure of the fee
4 that s all i need thank you for your assistance !	you are very welcome ! have fun ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre	little seoul is located at 108 regent street city centre
2 can i get the phone number and price range ?	the phone number for little seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 regent street city centre
3 thank you goodbye	have a good day ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for a hotel please i would need free wifi and free parking	there are 29 hotels with free wifi and parking do you have a preference on location or price range
2 i don t have a preference but i would like it to be 4 stars ?	we have to narrow it down there are 19 hotels what price range are you looking for ?
3 any price range is fine i just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on saturday	i was able to book at the alexander bed and breakfast your reference number is jldxhek8 is there anything else ?
4 no that is all i needed today thank you	you re welcome ! thanks for using cambridge towninfo centre !

#restaurant#
1 can i get a cantonese restaurant ?	i m sorry there are no cantonese restaurants would you like something else ?
2 how about chinese ?	there are several chinese restaurants in town would you prefer something in the cheap moderate or expensive price range ?
3 i would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant	how about shanghai family restaurant ? its number is 01223 301761
4 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome have a good evening

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a thai restaurant - any area will do	bangkok city is an expensive thai restaurant in the centre of town
2 can i have its phone number and postcode ?	bangkok city s phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is c.b 2 3 jx can i help you with anything else ?
3 that will be all thank you goodbye	thank you for using this system goodbye !

#train#
1 hi i m looking for a train for tuesday	okay what time would you like to depart from cambridge and arrive in london kings cross on tuesday ?
2 i need to depart after 19:15 can you please provide me with a price ?	the next train departs at 21:00 the price is 23.60 pounds per ticket can i book this train for you ?
3 yes please book this train for me thank you	how many tickets do you need ?
4 i am not ready to book the train yet thanks for the help	can i be of further assistance to you today ?
5 no thanks that is all i needed	you re welcome glad i could help

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for korean food in the centre of town	there is one korean restaurant in the centre little seoul would you like the address and phone number ?
2 is it in the expensive price range ?	yes it is expensive are you interested in booking a table there ?
3 yes book a table thank you	can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for ?
4 13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please i will need a reference number too	booking was unsuccessful do you have a different time preference ?
5 no how about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range	how about kymmoy ? it s an asian restaurant in expensive price range located in centre area
6 sure try booking that one for the same people date and time please	i ve booked your table for 7 people on monday at 13:45 at kymmoy your reference number is 1ms5buu6 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that s all i need thank you for your assistance !	i was happy to help enjoy your meal

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town	i have one hotel and 3 guesthouses in the south what price range are you interested in ?
2 it would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 3 star rating	the lensfield hotel meets all those criteria would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes please we need it for 2 nights starting on tuesday for 3 people	i m sorry booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different hotel ?
4 yes that s fine can you please stay in the same price range though ?	there is nothing in the same price range in the south would you like to try another area ?
5 i don t care about the area anymore could you please book an expensive 3 star hotel ?	i was able to book you at the gonville hotel your reference number is lw5ydjub can i help you with anything else ?
6 great thank you for all your help	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 are there any expensive british restaurants in town ?	there are 57 restaurants that match your specifications do you want anything more specific ?
2 yes i d like to find one in the west side of town	i have two restaurants that meet your needs graffiti and travellers rest would you like to make a reservation at one of those ?
3 yes i need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this thursday	i am unable to book a restaurant at that time on thursday is there another day or time slot i can check for you ?
4 will you check 16:15 ?	a reservation at 16:15 was successful at graffiti your reference number is vccp7l4m is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 thank you so much have a nice day bye	you re welcome have a good meal

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please ?	i have meze bar restaurant at 196 mill road city centre
2 that sounds perfect !	would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 yes please 7 people at 13:15 on monday	reference number is : txbu904t
4 thank you for your help	thank you for allowing me to help you today have a great day

#hotel#
1 can you please help me get information on cityroomz ?	cityroomz is a hotel located in the centre area it is a 0 star hotel and has a moderate price range they also offer internet their phone number is 01223304050
2 i need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting tuesday	okay that booking was successful your reference number is 7ilvzwkr anything else i can do for you ?
3 that s it thanks	you are welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a nice expensive restaurant on the south side of town	i have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria are you looking for a certain type of food ?
2 can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on wednesday for 8 people ?	i see that out of the five restaurants four are able to accommodate your reservation would you prefer chinese italian indian or mexican cuisine ?
3 mexican sounds good	i have successfully booked it your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:pm your reference number is x4tb06r2
4 perfect ! thank you !	great have a great mexican meal !

#train#
1 i need some help finding a train i m going to cambridge on tuesday	certainly where are you departing from ?
2 i s sorry i meant to say leaving from cambridge on tuesday heading to king s lynn i need to arrive by 16:00	there are eleven trains that will get you there by then for how many people ?
3 what is the cost per ticket ?	the price is $9.80 pound per ticket would you like to book it ?
4 okay thank you very much	we are happy to help can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no that s everything	i m sorry i may have misunderstood the train hasn t been booked yet should i book it for you now ?
6 sure go ahead thank you	alright you re booked anything else you need from me ?
7 no that s all thank you !	how many people will need a ticket for the train ?
8 i am so sorry for the misunderstanding i don t wish to book at the moment i am all set have a great day bye	no problem you have a great day also bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre	i have 4 listings,can i get a price range you are looking for ?
2 yes i d prefer mid-range please	that sounds like the yippee noodle bar could i book it for you ?
3 i m sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range ?	i found two restaurants: dojo noodle bar and j restaurant which one of these do you prefer ?
4 do either have a table available at 17:00 on friday for 5 people ?	yes i reserved a table at j restaurant for you reference number is bm3n0suh and the table will be held for 15 minutes will that be all ?
5 yes that will be all thank you	have a nice time let us know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west	name is tnahh binh
2 pardon ? is that the name of a restaurant ?	yes there is a vietnamese restaurant in the west called thanh binh
3 what is the address and phone number ?	the address for the vietnamese restaurant thanh binh is 17 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a chinese food restaurant in the centre	there are ten chinese restaurants in the centre area do you have a preference for price range ?
2 no i don t care can you recommend your favorite ?	i like the lan hong house it s moderately prices but good should i book a reservation ?
3 yes please check to see if there is booking for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday	i m sorry there are no available bookings for that time would you like to try something else ?
4 yes how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range ?	you should try lan hong house it is a nice place.would you like the address ?

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food	travellers rest is amazing would you like a reservation ?
2 yes i need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday	your party of 6 is booked for saturday at 12:15 your reference number is 6w59cffr is there anything else ?
3 no thanks for your help !	you re quite welcome !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food	no matches found for cheap malaysian food
2 how about italian food ?	what area would you like the restaurant to be in ?
3 i don t care	zizzi cambridge is a cheap italian restaurant in the cambridge area
4 address and phone number please	zizzi cambridge in the centre of the city they are located at 47-53 regent street and their phone number is 01223 365599
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre	i have to cotto that meats those requirements they serve british food
2 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre the restaurant should serve modern european food	riverside brasserie looks lovely would you like a reservation ?
3 yes please can i get one for thursday at 17:00 for 6 ?	i have booked that for you and your reference number is eu6j389k anything else i can help with ?
4 that should be it thank you	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i need a cheap place to dine please	we have 22 inexpensive restaurants what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i don t care about the type of food i need a reservation for wednesday night	i can book you for dojo noodle bar how many should i book for and what is the preferred time ?
3 is dojo noodle bar in the centre of town ? i need something in that area please	it is how many people will there be and what time would you like on wednesday ?
4 the reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on wednesday evening do they have a table then ?	the booking was unsuccessful would like to book it at another time ?
5 no it needs to be t 17:00 another restaurant in the same area and price range would work	okay i booked you into the j restaurant that also serves asian food in the cheap price range and your reference number is 7mumbmfd
6 thanks so much that s all i needed	you re welcome enjoy your day

#restaurant#
1 please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town	there are seven restaurants in the centre of town that serve british food ranging from moderate to expensive is there a particular price range you are looking for ?
2 i don t care about the price	ok then i suggest the oak bistro it s located at 6 lensfield road would you like a reservation ?
3 no thanks but could i please have the postcode ?	the post code is cb21eg can i assist you further ?
4 can you please tell me the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223323361
5 great thanks for all your help	no problem did you need anything else ?
6 nope that covers all my needs thanks	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#train#
1 yes i need a train for tuesday	what time of day would you like to travel and to where ?
2 i m departing from norwich on tuesday and need to arrive in cambridge by 09:15	train tr0339 leaves norwich at 07:16 and arrives in cambridge at 08:35 would you like me to book this train ?
3 yes how long is the travel time ?	travel time will be 79 minutes total
4 great ! this information is all i need thank you for your help	you are welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant by the name of loch fyne ?	yes ! the restaurant is at the little rose 37 trumpington street in the expensive price range would you like me to book tickets ?
2 please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday	i am sorry there are no reservations at that time can i find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for ?
3 please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range	i will found you a different restaurant
4 very well i really need a reliable booking make sure you give me a reference number i don t want any confusion when i get there	how does the cambridge chop house sound ? it serves british food ?
5 that would be good i would like to try that one if you recommend it	i was able to successfully book that for you the reference number is 8jkpea74 can i assist with anything else ?
6 no that will be all thanks !	you re welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range	is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind ?
2 yes i would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type	peking restaurant is a chinese food restaurant located at 10 homerton street city centre their phone number is 01223 354755
3 thank you !	thank you and have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i need some cheap caribbean eats somewhere	i m sorry i was unable to find a restaurant with those criteria would you like to try a different type of restaurant or price range ?
2 i would like the restaurant to be in the centre	the dojo noodle bar in in the centre it serves asian oriental food can i reserve that for you ?
3 no i m not in the mood for that maybe something indian though are there any of those ?	yes there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre i d suggest kohinoor as it s my favorite would you like to book it ?
4 yes please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on friday	i m sorry that time is not available at kohinoor would you like me to find another restaurant for you ?
5 another in the same area and price	i was able to book the ghandi reference number is 6gpzktwv
6 thank you so much !	you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 no that will do it for now bye	goodbye and thank you

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	may i suggest curry prince a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east ?
2 no the west part of town	indian italian and british restaurants are available in the west part of town for a moderate price would you like more information on any or all of these ?
3 what is the address ?	did you want the address for an indian italian or british restaurant ?
4 i don t have a preference as long as it s moderately priced and in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the west part of town the address is 205 victoria road chesterton

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food	i m sorry there are no fusion restaurants listed in the cheap price range would you like to try something else ?
2 how about mediterranean food ?	there are two restaurants serving mediterranean food in the expensive price range your options are la mimosa or shiraz restaurant
3 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	la mimosa s address is thompsons lane fen ditton phone number 01223362525
4 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need a cheap restuarant probably in the west part of town	how about la margherita ?
2 what kind of food do they serve ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the cheap price range
3 that sounds good what is their phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 315232
4 that was all i needed bye now	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant	golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in north
2 can you give me the address phone number and area code ?	the golden wok is at 191 histon road chesterton post code c.b 4 3 hl the phone number is 01223 350688
3 thank you very much for the address of the golden wok !	you re welcome good bye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food what is the address and phone number ?	there are 5 moderately price restaurants that serve british food is there an area of town that would work best for you ?
2 i do not care please suggest one	saint johns chop house serves british food is in the west area of town and is in the moderate price range
3 what is their address and phone number ?	the phone number is 01223353110 and the address is 21-24 northampton street is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 can you find a restaurant in the west that serves british food ?	there are 3 different restaurants that match your inquiry would you like to know more about them ?
2 i would like to see if one has a table available at 20:00 on tuesday for 4 people	okay i put in a reservation for you at saint johns chop house the reference number is 5cts8f6c is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no that will do thank you very much	thank you for using our services have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for places to eat in the north part of town	its called city stop restaurant serves european food and address is cambridge city football club milton road chesterton
2 is it a cheap restaurant ?	no it is expensive
3 i need a cheap place please	royal spice is cheap and looks great
4 thanks will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at 12:45 ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : q91f26l3
5 perfect ! thank you for all of your help	you re more than welcome may i do anything else for you today ?
6 wait i might want to change my mind about that restaurant are there any that serve food from corsica ?	no there are none fitting that description sir sorry about that
7 i figured my wife asks me odd random question sometimes had to check i am all set thanks	do you need any further assistance ?
8 no thank you no further questions for now goodbye	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food	we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food can i help you with anything else ?
2 can you look for vietnamese restaurants then ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food they are located at 17 magdalene street city centre would you like more information ?
3 no thank you	goodbye
4 goodbye	good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to leave on monday	sure where are you looking to go ?
2 i need to arrive at bishops stortford by 20:00	we have 7 such entries do you have a preference further ?
3 i just need the train id departure time and price of one please	tr4283 leaves cambridge at 05:29 and arrives in bishops stortford by 06:07 is this okay ?
4 can i get the price of the ticket please ?	certainly it s 10.10 pounds may i help with anything else ?
5 no thank you that is all	ok have a great day bye

#train#
1 hello are there any trains leaving after 8:00 on saturday ?	what is your destination ?
2 im going to kings lynn	where will you be leaving from ?
3 i would be leaving from cambridge	there is a train leaving at 9:11 would that work for you ?
4 yes that would be fine what s the train id and travel time for that one ?	the cambridge train leaves at 9:11 on sunday
5 can you give me the id for this train and the overall travel time ?	the id is tr6088 and the total travel time is 47 minutes can i be of further assistance today ?
6 that is all i will need good bye	please let us know if we can assist you in the future have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a malaysian restaurant in the east part of town	there are no malaysian restaurants on the east side of town
2 how about indian food ?	curry prince serves indian food and is on the east side of town
3 perfect may i have the address and phone number please ?	the phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton can i help you with anything else today ?
4 that s it thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 how about a turkish restaurant ?	there are three turkish restaurants would you prefer one in the moderate or expensive price range ?
2 moderate price range please	anatolia is a nice restaurant serving turkish food in the moderate price range
3 are there any other turkish restaurants in that price range ?	there is also efes restaurant in the moderate price range it is located in the centre of town
4 that sounds lovely may i have the address and phone number please ?	the address is king street city centre and the phone number is 01223 500005 will there be anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling us goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay that is a 2 star hotel on the east side	express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east
2 is it expensive and does it have free parking ?	it is expensive and it has free parking
3 okay great ! what s the address and postcode for that place ?	the address is 15-17 norman way coldhams business park and the postcode is cb13lh
4 can i have their phone number please ?	sure there phone number is 01223866800 would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no thank you that s all i needed	thank you for using our service & have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	there are two indian and one italian restaurant which would you prefer ?
2 the italian place and the address please	pizza hut fen ditton is an italian restaurant on the east side of town the address is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
3 thank you	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 hi on tuesday i need to leave cambridge by train can you help me with the arrangements ?	what destination will you be traveling to ?
2 the train should leave after 10:15 and should go to peterborough	will you be travelling alone or in a party ?
3 i haven t decided yet what time will the train reach the station in peterborough ?	if you leave cambridge at 10:34 you should arrive in peterborough at 11:24
4 welcome at your service next time	do you need any further assistance ?
5 that is all i needed today	thank you for using our services

#hotel#
1 a hotel in the north with free parking please	i have 5 hotels that meet your needs 2 are moderately priced and 3 are expensive do you have a preference ?
2 is there any with a 4 star rating and includes free wifi ?	unfortunately there are none on the north side of town that fit your criteria would you like me to look in another part of the city ?
3 no thank you	i have ashley hotel or lovell lodge on the north side of town they both have free wifi and parking can i book one of those for you ?
4 do either of those have 4 star ratings ?	no i m sorry there are several guesthouses with 4 stars kirkwood house is in the north and has fee parking and wifi can i reserve a room ?
5 what is kirkwood house s address postcode and price range ?	kirkwood house is a moderately priced hotel and its address is 172 chesterton road cb41da
6 thank you for the help that s all i need	you re welcome have a nice stay !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for cafe uno can you help me find where it is ?	absolutely ! caffe uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre
2 great ! i would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on friday	i was unable to reserve a table at that time would you like me to find another restaurant ?
3 yes how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	how about bedouin they serve african cuisine
4 that sounds good as long as it s in the same area and price range i ll need the reference number too please	great your reference number is k3tpr6ui anything else ?
5 no thank you good bye	you re welcome good-bye

#train#
1 i d like to find a train that departs from ely on monday please !	ok i just need a little more information what s your destination and what time would you like to leave ?
2 i need to leave after 13:15 and i am going to cambridge	we have 6 trains leaving after 13:15 on monday was there a specific time you wanted to arrive by ?
3 any of them will do can you tell me the price arrival time and train id of at least one option ?	i have the tr4849 that leaves at 13:35 and arrives by 13:52 it is 4.40 pounds is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i think that is all i need thank you	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i d like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	the golden wok serves chinese food is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range
3 is there another one as well ?	yes there is also the nirala which is an indian restaurant would you be interested in more information on that one ?
4 yes could you give me the phone number for the nirala ?	their number is 01223 360966
5 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the north part of town
6 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay that is cheap	i found a 4 star hotel in the east area that is cheap it s called the allenbell would you like me to book it for you ?
2 i actually want a 0 star location and with free parking too	sorry there are no hotels that meet that criteria can i try a different area for you ?
3 i don t care what part of town it is in	the el shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre of town would you like me to book that for you ?
4 sure there will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on wednesday	your booking was successful is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 what is the reference number ?	reference number is : ybukj2iz would you like restaurant reservations or information on area attractions ?
6 nope that s it thanks !	glad i could help thank you

#restaurant#
1 i need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town	do you have any preference regarding price range ?
2 no	there are no cantonese restaurants located in west are you interested in another type of cuisine ?
3 vietnamese sounds good	thanh binh is in the west part of town would you like the phone number ?
4 yes please and the address as well	the address is 17 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362456
5 thank you good bye	you are welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need information to find the huntingdon marriott hotel	what type of information do you need ?
2 i need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 5 nights please ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like for me to find another hotel for you ?
3 i suppose so another hotel in the same general price range if you can	you are booked at express by holiday inn cambridge reference number: fgstotpy
4 that was helpful ! thank you goodbye	do you need anything else ?

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi	i have five matches for your requirements do you have preferences for price range or quality ratings ? for example the alexander b&b is inexpensive but rated 4 stars
2 by chance is that a guesthouse ? and does it offer free wifi and parking ?	yes the alexander b&b is a guest house and offers both free wifi and free parking
3 wonderful can you book a room for 6 people coming in on friday for 5 nights ?	that booking was successful your reference number is 3kw6v911 is there anything else i can help do for you ?
4 thanks that s all i need today bye	thank you booking with us have a great stay

#restaurant#
1 yes i m looking for a cuban restaurant in the centre	i don t see any cuban restaurants in the centre would you like to look for cuban restaurants in another location ?
2 hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please ?	there are 10 entries here i recommend charlie chan
3 that sounds great can i have their phone number and address ?	their phone number is 01223361763 is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 yes can i please get their postcode and address ?	it is regent street city centre cb21db
5 thank you very much that s all the information that i need	you re welcome if you need anything in the future feel free to check back with us enjoy your stay !
6 thanks again for the help have a great day goodbye	please let us know if we can help any further have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in south is this ok ?
2 what is the price range there ?	nandos is in the cheap price range
3 excellent what is their address and phone number ?	the phone number and address are 01223 327908 cambridge leisure park clifton way
4 thank you goodbye !	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i would like to know if you serve african food if you do can i please get the address phone number and postcode of the venue ?	bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre it s phone number is 01223367660 and it s postcode is c.b 1 2 b.d
2 thank you ! good bye !	you are welcome have a nice day good bye !
3 what is the price range ?	bedouin is in the expensive price range
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is there anywhere that serves british fish and chips around here ?	there are a lot of restaurants that serve british food do you have a specific area or price range in mind ?
2 i d like something downtown and moderately priced	we do not have any restaurant downtown would you like me search in a different area ?
3 any area is fine really it should be moderately priced however	i found four british restaurants in centre and one in east which area would be more convenient ?
4 east please	i found cotto a moderate british restaurant in the east do you like the address and phone number ?
5 yes i would like the address and phone number please	the address is 183 east road city centre and the phone number is 01223302010
6 thank you goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

#attraction#
1 can you help me locate a swimming pool ?	yes there are 4 pools 1 in the east 2 in the north and 1 in the centre which area would you like ?
2 could you give me the address and postcode of one in the north please ?	the jesus green outdoor pool is between victoria road and the river and their postcode is cb43px is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 no thanks i think that should do it have a great day	you re welcome goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i need a restaurant that serves chinese food please !	there are quite a few chinese restaurants are you looking for one in particular area or price range ?
2 yes i would like an expensive one please	what about hakka ? it is an expensive chinese restaurant in the north part of town
3 i m looking for a restaurant in the centre of town are there any available ?	i have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes please i would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on wednesday i would also like a reference number please	i have tang chinese open then reference number is : 1azi69i4 need anything else ?
5 that is everything thanks !	you are welcome enjoy your meal at tang chinese good bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like information about a restaurant in south that serves english food	i m sorry there are no restaurants in the south that serve english food can i look for something else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are three restaurants that serve chinese food in the south part of town what price range would you like ?
3 cheap price range	the lucky star is the only chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like any specific contact information for them ?
4 yes i would like to know the address please	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton can i help you with anything else ?
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	there are 14 restaurants in the west are you looking for a particular cuisine ?
2 i would like christmas food	i m sorry there are no restaurants listed serving christmas food would you like to try a different kind of food ?
3 how about british food ?	there are 3 british restaurants in the west do you like moderate or expensive price range ?
4 either one is fine	graffiti is an expensive restaurant serving british food in the west would you like the phone number address or postcode ?
5 i want the address and phone number	the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road and the phone number is 01223 277977
6 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells north indian food	unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics perhaps you could try other types of cuisine ?
2 i m looking for a restaurant not a hotel can you try again ?	my apologies i meant to say restaurant not hotel unfortunately there aren t any restaurants that are that price range that serve north indian food
3 okay how about one that serves italian food ?	we have 5 locations that match your criteria what area of town would you like it in ?
4 i would like it to be in the east area of town please	the pizza hut in cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton seems to meet your requirements
5 sounds good can i get the phone number and postcode please ?	the number there is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb58wr anything else ?
6 that is all ! thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 find me expensive restaurant that serves international food	my apologies i could not find any restaurants that serve international food in the expensive price range
2 british	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range
3 what is the phone number ?	it s 01223352500 would you like the address ?
4 no you ve covered it all i believe thanks for your help	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 i want to find an expensive 4 star hotel	i have 2 expensive 4 star hotels one in the west and one in the centre of town do you have a preference to area ?
2 do you have one in the south that includes free parking ?	i m sorry no none in the south
3 okay i d really like to stay on the south end of town so is there one in the cheap price range instead ?	i don t have any hotels in the south part of town
4 well are there any cheap hotels anywhere in town ?	there is a cheap hotel with 4 stars on the west side of town if you could restate your exact preferences i can try searching again
5 sure look for a cheap hotel 4 stars in the south free parking also	there are no hotels that meet your criteria in the south there is one cheap 4 star guesthouse with parking in the south does that work ?
6 can we start over ? i think there is a bit of confusion i need a hotel with four stars in the south and free parking	there is nothing in the expensive range there is a choice of one cheap or one moderate 4 star guesthouse in the south with parking would either of these be ok ?
7 cheap is fine please book for friday 3 nights 3 people	it is not open then how about a shorter stay ?
8 i can book for 1 night instead	very good you are set for 1 night at rosa s the reference number is 8qujmpp7 is there anything else i can help with ?
9 no that s it for now thank you	you re welcome enjoy your day

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a park in the south part of town	i have 2 parks to choose from both are free to get in there is sheep s green and lammas land park and wandlebury country park which do you prefer ?
2 what s the address for wandlebury ? may i have their phone number too ?	wandlebury country park is located on the wandlebury ring gog magog hills in babraham their phone number is 01223243830 is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 no you ve answered all of my questions thanks so much bye	you re welcome enjoy your time at wandlebury !

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food	in which area would you like to find a kosher restaurant in the expensive price range ?
2 i do not care about the location	there are no kosher restaurant in the expensive price range is there another food type or price range that you would like ?
3 how about korean food in the expensive price range ?	there is a korean restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre area of town would you like their information ?
4 yes i would like their address please	the address of little seoul korean restaurant is 108 regent street city centre postcode c.b 2 1 d.p
5 thank you that is all of the info that i needed good bye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 please provide me information on the restaurant one seven	restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area at moderate prices would you like to book there ?
2 yes i would like to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on wednesday	i have you booked for a table of 3 at 20:00 on wednesday would you like a confirmation receipt ?
3 yes please give me the reference number	i am sorry the booking was unsuccessful can i help you find another place in the same area and price range ?
4 i am disappointed but willing to try another place in the same area and price range what do you recommend ?	there are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria did you want to stay within the british theme or try something else ?
5 yes we can stick to british please	the oak bistro was available to be booked your reference number is eo5vq6ej
6 thanks for all of your help you were great !	you re welcome ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please	i m sorry i do not have any japanese restaurants in that price range i do have one expensive listing would you be interested in that ?
2 yes where area is it located in ? i need it to be in the west	it is in the city centre
3 that won t work how about an italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced ?	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range would you like to book a table ?
4 yes i would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on friday	i have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on friday at prezzo

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre ?	there are no restaurants that serve unusual food in the centre would you like to search a different area ?
2 how about british ?	there are seven british restaurants in the center four are moderately priced and three are expensive what is your preference please ?
3 moderate sounds good can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on monday at 18:00 ?	i got a table for you at cotto your reference number is ga03mu3u is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 great ! thank you for the reference number ga03mu3u goodbye	you re very welcome goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi	i have many guesthouse to choose from is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in ?
2 i don t care about that i would like it to have a 4-star rating	the acorn guest house fits your criteria would you like to book a room ?
3 do they have free parking ?	yes the acorn guest house offers free parking would you like me to book you a room ?
4 no thanks just needed a recommendation on a place to stay	is there anything else we can help you with ?
5 just the postcode for the acorn please	the postal code is cb41da
6 great thanks for all your help	i hope you have a wonderful day goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south	i found two moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 italian food	pizza hut cherry hinton is a nice italian restaurant in the moderate price range and it is in the south
3 is there anything else ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is the only italian restaurant in the moderately priced category in the south part of town
4 can i get the address phone number and postcode please ?	the phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food	there are no restaurants matching your criteria would you like to search for something else ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental and they are located in the north although they are quite expensive would you like the address ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number	saigon city s address is 169 high street chesterton chesterton and its phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south	hi ! we have mexican italian indian and chinese restaurants that fit the bill do you have any preferences ?
2 i don t have any preference	chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range
3 do you have a phone number for them ?	the number is 01223 400170
4 have a good evening	have a good evening

#hotel#
1 are there any proper hotels in the south ?	yes the lensfield hotel is an expensive hotel in the south with 3 stars free wifi and free parking it s located at 53-57 lensfield road cb21en would you like to book ?
2 ok are there any hotels in the cheap price range in the south part of town ?	i m not finding any would you care for another part of town ?
3 can we check for guesthouses ?	rosa s bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south area that meets your preferences would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 yes that will work	when would you like to visit ?
5 i don t need a reservation right now but does rosa s b&b have internet ?	yes they do ! do you have any other questions about rosa s ?
6 i really need internet can you tell me if they have free wifi ?	yes rosa s absolutely has free wifi can i book a room for you ?
7 no that s fine !	sure is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no that is all i need thank you	thank you for using our services & have a good day

#hotel#
1 im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please	i am happy to help you with that we have many options that offer free parking and wifi are you looking for a particular area or price range ?
2 i am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the guesthouse style	there are 16 matching options do you have any other criteria or would you like a recommendation from the current search ?
3 i definitely want the four star in a guesthouse style not a hotel would you check again please	we offer 16 such places do you have a price range in mind ?
4 no just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning saturday	booked at alexander bed and breakfast reference number: 80r46awl
5 thank you so much for your help	no problem do you need anything else today ?
6 no thank you that is all i needed	great ! thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	pizza hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant that s in the south part of town
2 i dont want it show me another one	the restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
3 what is the address please ?	152 - 154 hills road
4 thanks could i get the phone number too ?	restaurant alimentum s phone number is 01223 413000
5 thank you goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre ?	the gonville hotel meets your requirements would you like me to book you a room ?
2 does it have free wifi ? i need wifi	yes they do offer free internet would you like me to make a booking ?
3 yes i want to book it for 1 person i want to stay for 5 nights starting from wednesday	i am sorry booking was unsuccessful,can i help you find another place to stay ?
4 yes please another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi	i do not have another 3 star hotel in the centre that meets your requirements would you like to try another area ?
5 do you have any hotels in the same price range as the gonville hotel ?	the only other hotel that matches your requirements is the lensfield hotel located in the south would you like me to make a booking ?
6 yes please book a room there	great your booking was successful your reference number is 9gbhvfzw anything else today ?
7 thank you for all of your help	your welcome have a good day

#hotel#
1 i need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating wifi optional	i see 21 hotels so let s try to narrow it down is there a price range you want to be in ?
2 the hotel should include free parking and should be in the cheap price range	there is one hotel and a number of guesthouses do you have a preference ?
3 do any of them have free wifi ?	they do do you prefer any specific area of town ?
4 i do not have a preferred area which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights starting thursday ?	alexander bed and breakfast is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food in the centre of town	la raza is a cheap spanish restaurant in the centre of town
2 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the phone number to la raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is c.b 2 3 l.l
3 okay thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food
4 thank you	enjoy your day !

#attraction#
1 good afternoon it s such a beautiful day out and i am visiting here can you tell me if there is a park nearby to where i am ?	i have five parks in the area four are free and one is pounds if you want to give me your location i can narrow down the results
2 what s in the center of town ?	the cambridge university botanic gardens is in the center of the park it is located in bateman street the entrance is 4 pounds
3 that sounds interesting can you just give me their phone number please ?	their phone number is 01223336265 can i assist you with anything else ?
4 no that s everything thank you !	have a great day ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i m in the south part of town and it s getting late can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at ?	i have several options for you i have one hotel and the other 3 are guesthouses all have free wifi and parking do you prefer a certain price range ?
2 i would like to book the hotel please ?	would you like to stay at rosa s ? it s a cheap guesthouse
3 no like i said i would prefer the hotel can you please check availability for me at the hotel ? i want sunday and monday nights for three people	your booking for the lensfield hotel was successful your reference number is cb8vvf4m can i help you with anything else today ?
4 yes two more things can i confirm the reference number as cb8vvf4m ? also i want to make sure that the have free wi-fi	your reference number is indeed cb8vvf4m they also have free wifi
5 ok thanks that s all i needed	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre today and enjoy your stay in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an upscale expensive place to eat on the west side of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i m really in the mood for jamaican food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your criteria
3 how about some indian food ?	okay now i have many options would you like a reservation at one of them ?
4 i would can you book me a table for 1 on tuesday at 11:45 ?	i m sorry all 5 restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time would you like me to try a different time slot ?
5 yes can you try 10:45 ?	i was able to book you a table at rice boat on tuesday at 10:45 the reference number is ytg3eogf
6 thank you that s all i need	great ! enjoy your meal ! goodbye !

#train#
1 i need a train to broxbourne leaving after 09:15	there are 98 trains do you have a departure location and day ?
2 i would like to depart from cambridge on friday	booking was successful the total fee is 17.89 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 7e3m8v02 is there anything else i can help with ?
3 what time will i arrive ?	the booked for 1 person tr0826 leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 11:01
4 how long is the train ride ?	it will be 60 minutes
5 thank you ! that s all i needed	all right then have a nice trip and a nice day goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for lodgings on the east side	i would love to help you ! there are 7 options in the east would you like a hotel or a guesthouse ?
2 either one is fine but i would like it to have 4 stars it doesn t need to have free parking	i have 6 guesthouses in the east with 4 stars are you looking for cheap or moderate pricing ?
3 cheap is fine	the autumn house is a cheap four star guesthouse that has wifi and parking in the east area would you like to make a reservation ?
4 no but can you give me their address please ?	of course the address is 710 newmarket road what else can i do for you ?
5 that s all i needed today thanks so much for your help !	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#attraction#
1 can you help me find the fitzwilliam museum ?	the fitzwilliam museum is in the centre and is located on trumpington street
2 can i get the address attraction type and area please ?	sure it is a museum in the centre located on trumpington street can i help you with anything else ?
3 no you ve been great ! thank you for helping	enjoy your visit to the museum goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello i would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount	prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town would you like their phone number ?
2 yes and the address	their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 northampton road

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town can you help with this ?	i m afraid there aren t any expensive places in that area would you like me to try a different part of town ?
2 hmm really i thought there was can you double check please ? it can be either a hotel or guesthouse	i ve checked again unfortunately there are no expensive hotels in the northern part of town
3 okay how about one moderately priced ?	we have 11 moderately priced options on the north end are free internet or parking requirements for you ?
4 i will need free wifi and parking	how about the acorn guest house it fits your needs shall i book that for you ?
5 hmm maybe what s their postcode ?	the post code for the acorn guesthouse is cb41da anything else you may need ?
6 great i will book it myself thanks for your help bye	you re welcome goodbye

#attraction#
1 yes i m looking for a place to go in the south	sure let me help you with that which type of attraction would you like to visit ?
2 can you recommend any good museums there ?	the byard art is the only museum in the south and the entrance fee is free
3 what is their phone number ?	01223464646 phone number
4 can you tell me the postcode ?	the postcode is cb21sj is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
5 nope that s all i needed today thanks !	glad i could be of assistance have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range	yes i have nine possibilities fitting those parameters is there a specific type of food you re looking for ?
2 i don t care i want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 3ayrgabe
3 thanks for your help	great ! have a nice day !
4 thank you for your help	you re welcome ! bye now !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food what is the address and phone number ?	i have quite a few restaurants that match your request would you like to narrow it down by area ?
2 no that doesn t matter	ask is a cheap restaurant serving italian food in the centre of town the address is 12 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223 364917
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve italian food
4 thank you i ll check it out	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi	okay i found quite a few what area would you like ?
2 i need a cheap one that has free wifi	i have 23 guesthouse that meet your requirements is there a price range or area of town you prefer ?
3 well i also would like free parking if that helps	i have found 9 would you like autumn house in the east ? i can book for you
4 yes that one would be great can you book for saturday ?	sure how many days would you like to stay and how many people will be staying ?
5 i need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on saturday	i apologize but that guesthouse is unable to accommodate you would you like me to choose a different guesthouse or change the day ?
6 yes but one in the same price range	i have booked alexander bed and breakfast your reference number is v3ga3k4q is there anything else ?
7 no that is all i need thank you so much !	so glad i was able to help have a great day good-bye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for an upscale hotel could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area ?	huntingdon marriott hotel is available in the west part of town and looks upscale
2 does it have a star of 4 and free parking ?	yes would you like to book a room ?
3 yes most likely can you provide me with the postcode of the hotel please ?	yes the postcode is pe296fl is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 thanks that will be all	thanks !

#hotel#
1 can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking please provide me with the reference number	we have listings for 5 hotels and 1 guesthouse on the east side with free parking do you have a price range in mind so we can narrow it down ?
2 i would like one with four star i don t care about the price	i have 5 guesthouses that meet that star requirement the allenbell autumn house and leverton house are all cheap carolina b&b and warkworth house are moderate do you have a preference ?
3 let s try the allenbell could you make a reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting wednesday ?	no problem your reference number is gwqnwqxd anything else ?
4 no that s all i needed today thank you for your assistance !	enjoy your stay ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to eat maybe austrian food	we have no austrian restuarants sorry is there another type of restaurant i could look up for you ?
2 hmm i guess i could try british food instead	there are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town do you have a price range ?
3 moderate price range would be great	there are 5 british restaurants in the moderate price range do you have a specific area you would prefer ?
4 no the area does not matter i need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on friday if that time doesn t work then 11:15 i also need the reference number	i would recommend the oak bistro located in the centre will this work for you ?
5 do they have a table available on friday at 12:15 ?	your table is booked ref# u0zzrfl7 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that s it thanks for all your help today goodbye	you re so welcome good day

#attraction#
1 i need information on trinity college	okay i ve pulled up trinity college what information do you need ?
2 i need to know the attraction type and address	ok trinity college is a college and the address is trinity street anything else ?
3 no that is all i need today thank you very much !	you re welcome ! have a great day
4 thanks you too ! goodbye	get back in touch if you need help in the future goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves thai food	i have to options for thai food in the expensive price range bangkok city and sala thong
2 is there anything else ?	those are the only results for expensive thai food
3 may i have the address and postcode for sala thong then ?	the address of sala thong is 35 newnham road newnham and the postcode is c.b 3 9 ey
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 i need a train from cambridge to ely	no problem what day will you be leaving and is there a particular time you would like to board ?
2 yes i need to leave on friday sometime after 15:30	i have a train that leaves cambridge at 15:50 and arrives in ely at 16:07 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes i also would like the reference number	sure thing the number is fac22hsg anything else i can do for you ?
4 i m sorry i forgot to specify that i need 6 tickets could you change that for me ?	surely i have made that change and the new reference number is ywf1k74n is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 thanks i appreciate it that s all i need !	you re welcome enjoy your trip !

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves modern european food	i recommend the restaurant alimentum at 152 - 154 hills road
2 i want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on sunday	have you made the reservation ?
3 no i would like you to make the reservation for me please	i couldn t find an available table for you would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 i guess that would be fine i really want modern european food could you make sure it is in the same area and price range	unfortunatly i can not find anything available given your parameters
5 i need a place to dine does not matter what type in the moderate price range	i was able to book yippee noodle bar reference number is ucwkfis4
6 thank you for your time i appreciate it	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that will be it thank you	okay enjoy your dinner

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range
2 is there anything else ? i also want its phone number	royal spice is an indian restaurant it is in the cheap price range and it is on the north side of town the phone number is 01223 351707
3 okay thank you for that	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a restaurant by the name of bangkok city ?	certainly bangkok city is a thai restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
2 no thank you i would like to book a reservation for wednesday at 5:45 pm	and how many people will the reservation be for ?
3 there are 6 of us	unfortunately the restaurant is booked would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes something in the same area and same pricerange please	i can book reservations for a thai in the centre area that meets your needs
5 yes please that would be great we love thai	i am so sorry but i was not able to book this would you like to try a different restaurant ?
6 yes please try to book a different thai restaurant	great news i was able to book the sala thong and your reference number is vmhj6y3i
7 thanks so much that is awesome ! have a good day !	you re very welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 what is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants in the south of town in the cheap price range would you prefer portuguese of chinese ?
2 is there anything else ? if not chinese	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range would you like their location ?
3 yes can you give me the address ?	the address of the lucky star is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you	excellent have a wonderful evening

#restaurant#
1 hello ! i am looking for the address and phone number of a lebanese restaurant in the centre	ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre area its address is 59 hills road city phone number is 01462 432565
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a particular hotel its name is called kirkwood house	kirkwood house is located in the north and is moderately priced want me to book you a room ?
2 please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday can i have a reference number ?	your booking was successful reference number is : vhyo8ic0
3 wonderful thank you	welcome next time
4 thanks that s all good bye	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find somewhere with expensive kosher food	i m not seeing any expensive kosher restaurants would you like to try a different price range perhaps ?
2 sure i also need the restaurant to be in the center	sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all would you like another food type ?
3 sure let s try italian instead	there are 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town i suggest caffe uno at 32 bridge street city centre would you like to make a reservation ?
4 caffe uno sounds great can i get their phone number please ?	their phone number is 01223448620 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no you ve been very helpful thank you ! good bye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant	i show two that are located in the centre we have the la mimosa or the shiraz restaurant may i book a table for you ?
2 could you check either to see if i could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on monday ?	yes i have successfully books you at the shiraz resturant address 84 regent street city centre your reference number is 9oe645ny you should arrive within 15 minutes of your time
3 thank you very much	thank you very much

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive french restaurant in town	there are two expensive french restaurants cote in the center and restaurant two two in the north do you want further information on either of these ?
2 are there any other expensive french restaurants ?	those are the only two expensive french restaurants i have listed would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine ?
3 is there anything else ?	restaurant two two is a french restaurant and it is in the expensive price range would you like the address and phone number ?
4 actually could i have the phone number of cote ?	sure the phone number is 01223 311053
5 okay i think that does it thanks for that	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town i would also like its phone number	hi ! royal standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area their number is 01223247877 anything else ?
2 i appreciate your help good bye	have a great evening ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food	the gardenia is a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food is the centre part of town okay for you ?
2 yes thank you could you tell me the address and phone number of that restaurant ?	certainly the gardenia is located at 2 rose crescent city centre and can be reached at 01223 356354 may i be of further assistance ?
3 the gardenia sounds good thanks	good bye

#attraction#
1 hey are there any good cinemas in cambridge ?	there are two cinemas one in the south and one in the centre which area do you prefer ?
2 either one is fine how about the south can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that one ?	sure ! the cineworld cinema s phone number is 00872208000 and their post code is cb17dy is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that s all i need thank you	thank you ! have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i m seeking a cheap restaurant	okay i can help you with that are you interested in a particular type of food ? or perhaps a certain part of town ?
2 i would like mediterranean food	the gardenia serves mediterranean and is in the cheap price range would you like to book a table ?
3 great can i get the postcode and address ?	their postcode is cb23ll and they are located at 2 rose crescent city centre
4 thank you that s all i need today	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train from cambridge that can arrive by 16:15	certainly where is your destination ?
2 i want to go to broxbourne please	what day do you want to travel ?
3 the train needs to leave by saturday and i need three tickets i would also like the reference number once you book it please ?	i booked it you reference number is duw21nut
4 thank you that s all i needed	you are welcome your total for the three tickets is 42.96 pounds you can pay at the station

#restaurant#
1 is there an expensive french restaurant in town ?	i show two french restaurants cote and restaurant two two
2 which is closest to me ?	what area is closer to you north or centre ?
3 what is the food type they serve ?	they serve french food
4 i don t know	cote is located at bridge street city centre and restaurant two two is at 22 chesterton road chesterton how else may i assist you ?
5 thank you	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food	there are two italian restaurants in the south part of town would you prefer a moderate or expensive option ?
2 moderate is fine can you give me the address and postcode ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton postcode c.b 1 7 dy
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel	okay i can help you with that what area would you like to stay in ?
2 i don t have a preference for location but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 4	there are 33 hotels with a 4 start rating and in the moderate price range what area did you have in mind ?
3 it should also include free wifi	there are no hotels that match your criteria would you be ok with a guesthouse ?
4 yes i ll need accomodations for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday	i would recommend acorn guest house in the north area or a and b guest house in the east area which would you prefer ?
5 acorn please could you book that ?	the reservation was successful your reference number is k6cpblhm
6 thank you that should be it thank you for your time	you re welcome glad i could help

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a 3 star hotel in the centre of town	the gonville hotel is in the centre of town and has a 3 star rating
2 it doesn t need to have free parking but just by chance do they offer that ?	the gonville hotel actually offers both free wifi and free parking can i help you with booking a room there ?
3 no that s all the information i need thank you !	you re welcome have a nice day

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a place to stay in the east with free wifi	are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse ?
2 i am looking for a 4 star guesthouse ? do you have any on the east side with free wifi ?	i found 7 hotels that are in the cheap moderate and expensive range what would you prefer ?
3 it doesn t matter let s go with moderate	there are 3 entries that meet your requirements
4 perfect ! can you make a reservation for me for 3 people 5 nights starting tuesday ?	you are booked into the carolina bed and breakfast your reference number is wxn8w3mz may i help you with anything else ?
5 address please and thats all	they are located at 138 perne road
6 thank you that s all i need	okay great enjoy your stay in cambridge

#restaurant#
1 is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town ?	yes there is one thai restaurant in that area would you like more details on this restaurant ?
2 what is the address ?	the address is 24 green street city centre
3 what is the phone number and price range ?	bangkok city is expensive their phone number is 01223 354382 is there anything else i can help you find ?
4 no that s all the information i needed thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves irish food	i m sorry there is not restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
2 yes i would like an expensive restaurant that serves british food can i have the phone number please ?	how about graffiti they serve british food and are in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 352500
3 perfect ! thanks good-bye !	you re welcome good bye

#attraction#
1 hi ! could you help me find a museum to go in town ?	there are many but may i suggest the cambridge contemporary art museum ?
2 sure what is the postcode and phone number please ?	their postcode is cb21su and phone number is 01223324222 what else can i help you with ?
3 that s it thanks !	okay thank you for calling

#hotel#
1 i need to find a four stars hotel in the north that has indoor free parking	we have seven matches for your requirements do you have any additional preferences ?
2 it doesn t need internet included	i have 7 options for you 6 are moderately priced and 1 worth house has a cheap price would you like more information ?
3 does worth house have free wifi ?	yes worth house is a cheap four star guesthouse in the north area with free parking and internet all our options for your other preferences have wifi would you like to reserve a room ?
4 yes book me a stay for 4 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday please	oh i m unable to process that would you care for a shorter stay ?
5 can you see if i can get three nights ?	i was able to book a room for 3 nights your reference number is v96btdai
6 oh thank you so much you ve been most helpful	you re welcome ! have a great day !

#train#
1 am looking for a train it should arrive by 18:30 and should go to peterborough	tr9859 cost 16.50 pounds is there anything else ?
2 i need to leave on sunday from cambridge	there are two trains that arrive in peterborough by 18:30 what time are you planning to leave cambridge ?
3 i just need to arrive by 18:30 in peterborough the departure time doesn t matter	tr8293 arrives at 17:56 and tr2913 arrives at 18:24 would you like me to book tickets on one of them ?
4 i need tickets for 8 people can you book and give me the reference number ?	i booked tr 8293 and you reference number is epabnnpd is there anything else ?
5 no that is all thank you	thank you for using our services

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi	what price range would you prefer moderate cheap or expensive ?
2 i don t care about the price and the hotel doesn t need to have free parking	would you prefer one with internet ?
3 yes wifi internet please	how about finches bed and breakfast ?
4 that is fine is it in the east ?	no finches is in the west are you looking for a place in the east ?
5 no i am looking for a place in the west	when will you be staying and for how long and how many people will be in your party
6 i need to stay 3 nights staring from sunday and 3 people will be in my party	i m sorry i was unable to book the finches for you i can check in the different area or price range if you like
7 can you find another hotel in the same pricerange ?	the the cambridge belfry is also in the same pricerange would you like me to check booking there ?
8 yes please make sure it s for 3 people and 3 nights starting on sunday and i need the reference number	i have made successful booking there your reference number is : 1pldtxkh
9 thank you for all your help today	thank you

#hotel#
1 hi i need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please	i have 21 4 star places can you tell me what area you would like to be in ?
2 the north part of town please	there are quite a few if you d like a cheap alternative i can recommend worth house on chesterton road or for a moderate rate kirkwood house is next door
3 could you book the kirkwood house for me for thursday 6 people and 5 nights ?	your booking was successful the reference number is 6g15lhzm is there anything else ?
4 that is all i needed thanks	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	we certainly have plenty expensive places in the center of town ! what type of cuisine are you looking for ?
2 honestly i am not sure which ones do you show available ?	we have just about anything you can think of from loch fyne s seafood to bedouin s african
3 can you make a reservation at loch fyne s for 4 people at 14:30 on sunday ?	i was able to reserve that for you your reference number is 439gp4j5 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 thanks so much that is all i need have a great day	you as well enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food	there are no restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different one ?
2 ok how about an italian restaurant ?	there are two italian restaurants in the west area la margherita is in the cheap price range prezzo is in the moderate price range
3 what is the phone number for prezzo ?	the phone number for prezzo is 01799 521260
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for train going to cambridge please	where are you planning to depart from ?
2 i would like to leave from the birmingham new street station please on a saturday	okay what time do you need to leave by ?
3 i need to arrive by 16:45 departure is not as important	how about tr3415 that arrives at 08:23 ?
4 you can book it please get me the reference number too	reference number is : pa6l738y
5 thank you for your help	welcome at your service next time
6 sorry i should have specified but the booking needs to be for 3 people	booking was successful the total fee is 180.24 gbp payable at the station for 3 tickets reference number is : 0up7sb1h
7 perfect thank you so much ! have a great day !	you are quite welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
8 no that was all thanks	you re very welcome ! have a great day ! bye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food	i m sorry i can t find any world food restaurants located in the centre
2 how about a restaurant in the centre that serves korean food ?	little seoul is a great place that fits your description would you like me to book you a table ?
3 yes please i would like a table for 7 on tuesday try for 11:15 please	i have nothing available for that day and time slot can i book you another day or time slot at that restaurant ?
4 how about 10:15 ?	i have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15 here is the reference number for your booking: kahfbhyi
5 thank you so much for your help bye	glad i could help today is there anything else that i can resolve for you ?

#hotel#
1 i m looking for some 4-star accommodations	there are over twenty four-star hotels or guesthouses what area do you prefer ?
2 an area that s close to public transportation	how about a and b guest house ?
3 sure as long as it is moderately priced	of course ive got some options you can check the out
4 i will be happy too i will also need a postcode	the postcode is cb12dp and the address is 124 tenison road do you want me to book it for you ?
5 no that won t be necessary i am just gathering information for now thanks	sure thing have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i need to find a hotel in the north part of town	we have quite a selection of lodgings in the north do you have a price range preference or additional needs to narrow down our search ?
2 yes i am looking for a 4 star hotel	we have 8 guesthouses with a 4 star rating 7 of the them are moderately priced and one is in the cheap range do you have a preference ?
3 no pick whatever is available	acorn guest house is a nice place.would you like the address ?

#restaurant#
1 could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town would you like their phone numbers ?
2 yes what kind of food do they serve ?	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food and peking restaurant serves chinese
3 could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better ?	peking restaurant s phone number is 01223 354755 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 i need to book a train that leaves cambridge after 17:30	there are several trains that leave cambridge after 17:30 can you please tell me your destination so i can find the most appropriate one for you ?
2 i would like to go to norwich	there are 49 trains do you have a preferred day ?
3 i need to leave on sunday please	tr1975 leaves at 17:36 and arrives by 18:55 is that okay ?
4 yes what is the travel time and price for that train ?	the travel time is 79 minutes and the cost of the ticket is 14.08 pounds
5 could you also confirm the arrival time ?	of course the arrival time of the train is sunday at 18:55
6 thank you very much for your help ?	you are welcome do you need any other information ?
7 no that ll be all !	all right please enjoy your trip !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town what is the address ?	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 any type of food is fine just need to know where it is located	chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south it is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you	thank you for calling and please use our system again goodbye
4 goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should include free wifi	there are many hotels that match your criteria which area of town would you like to stay in ?
2 area of town close to public transportation	then that narrows down to 3 hotels in the centre of town do you prefer expensive or moderate price range ?
3 i m not picky it needs to have free parking though	ashley hotel has free parking would you like a reservation ?
4 oh i m sorry i also want to make sure it s got a 4 star rating at least could you confirm that for me please ?	unfortunately ashley hotel is only 2 stars there are no 4 star hotels from what i can see would you like me to search for 3 star hotels or 5 star ?
5 yes can you search for a 5 star please ?	i am sorry there are not 5 stars available
6 well i m not sure what i should so i guess i should go with the two star place	how about a three star hotel ? i have two that would match your description
7 do you have any 4 star guesthouses available instead ?	yes the alexander bread and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre would you like me to book you a room ?
8 yes but only if they offer free parking and free wifi do they ?	yes both free wifi and parking is available at this location
9 thank you could i get the postal code to this hotel please ?	the postcode is cb12de shall i book a room for you ?
10 that is all i need for the time being thank you so much for the help	okay have a great day !

#hotel#
1 howdy i m looking for a moderately priced place to stay i d like a place with free parking	there are many places that meet that criteria do you have any other preferences ?
2 i prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 3 stars	i have nothing with that exact criteria perhaps something with a bit of a change in criteria ?
3 how about an expensive one ?	i have gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south that both meet your needs would you like to book one of these two ?
4 yes either of those should work although i would prefer the lensfield hotel since its in the south	ok ! i can book a room for you if you can tell me the day you re arriving how many nights you need and the number of people in your party
5 please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from saturday	i m sorry the lensfield hotel does not have anything available then would you like me to try the gonville hotel for you ?
6 yes anything in the same price range will work	i was able to book a room at the gonville for you ref#ae00vohe can i help you with anything else today ?
7 no thank you that is all i need today	thank you for using this service enjoy your stay good bye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to cambridge	ok i can help you find a train where will you be departing from ?
2 i will be leaving from brookshite	brookshite ? can you please repeat that ?
3 sorry about that i m leaving from norwich	ive boked that for you trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr9900 norwich cambridge friday 05:16 06:35 17.60 pounds 79 minutes
4 yes please book that and i need the reference number	you re all set ! the reference number is 44lhuszt
5 thank you for your help	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food	i m sorry there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town can i help you find anything else ?
2 could you find me an asian oriental restaurant instead ?	saigon city is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town
3 what is the phone number and area ?	the phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town
4 thank you goodbye !	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the east	what price range are you looking for ?
2 it doesn t matter as long as it has free parking are there any with 5 stars ?	there are several places available however i do not know if they have free parking but they do have parking are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse type place to stay
3 it doesn t matter to me whether it s a guesthouse or hotel but i really want it to have free parking can you check on that again please ?	i m sorry there are no hotels that match that criteria would you like to try something with a different number of stars ?
4 can you try a 4 star hotel instead please ?	there are 5 guesthouse s that meet that criteria do you have a preference on the price range ?
5 i don t care about the price range can you book it for 4 nights ? there will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on friday	i was able to book a room at carolina bed and breakfast the reference number is 168t25c6 is there anything else you need help with ?
6 that is all i needed thanks for all your help	you are welcome ! have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves italian food	yes i have several options for you do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for ?
2 do any of them have an opening for 5 people friday night at 17:30 ?	there are 9 italian restaurants in the center of town i recommend pizza express fen ditton however the restaurant is fully booked do you have a price range ?
3 is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range ?	if you like asian food i can check the yippee noodle bar which is in the same area and the same price range

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay in the north part of town	i have 13 hotels in the north ranging from cheap to moderately priced would you like to narrow it down by choosing a star rating ?
2 yes thank you i would like a star rating of 0 please	the city centre north b and b has internet and parking can i book a room for you ?
3 yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel ?
4 oh bummer how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	i can check would you like everything else to be the same ?
5 yes everything else is the same	i m sorry but no other hotels have these exact criteria could we vary the price or star rating ?
6 yes keep the same price range but you can vary the star rating	there is the worth house it is cheap and has a 4 star rating may i book that for you ?
7 yes for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday	booking was successful reference number is : rsneq2jv
8 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	thank you for contacting us and enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 i am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel	i am showing five hotels that fit your criteria they all offer internet and parking is there a specific area you want to be in ?
2 no but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse	i m sorry there aren t any expensive guesthouses with 4 stars but there are 18 moderately priced 4-star guesthouses would that be okay ?
3 is there one available in the cheap price range ?	i have 7 cheap 4 star guesthouses,can i recommend autumn house ?
4 yes that sounds nice can you check for booking for 5 people and 3 nights starting from monday ?	yes i will book at autumn house for 3 night for 5 people starting monday
5 can i get that reference number please ?	unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to look at another hotel ?
6 please recommend another hotel in that same price range	alexander bed and breakfast is is the centre location also a 4 star cheap guest house how does that sound to you ?
7 book it please	i have made reservations starting monday for 3 nights and 5 people the reference number is jccyu8zs is there anything else i can help you with ?
8 no thank you good bye	goodbye have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel with free parking in the north	there are 11 hotels that meet your needs would you like to narrow them down by price range ?
2 are any of those 11 guesthouses ?	yep there are 5 guesthouses do you wanna just try acorn guest house ?
3 does it offer free wifi ?	yes it does have internet
4 okay please help me book this guesthouse	what day number of nights and number of people would you like to book for ?
5 i do not have all of that information at this time can i talk to you again when i know more ?	yes that is all right
6 thank you for your help !	it s my pleasure have a nice trip !

#hotel#
1 i m curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum	you might want to try alexander bed and breakfast
2 i would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 3 stars	i can t find anything that fits my criteria
3 is there ones that are on the more expensive price range ?	at the moderate price range how about the bridge guest house ?
4 that ll be fine i would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday	i m sorry booking was unsuccessful would you like to try for a shorter stay ?
5 sure can you book it for 1 night ?	i was able to get the bridge guest house for 2 people for tuesday night can i help you with anything else ?
6 yes i ll need the reference number for that booking	the reference number is : 3yxihqli can i assist you any further ?
7 no thats all thank you very much !	thanks for using our services

#attraction#
1 can you find information about nightclubs ?	yes would you like to find a nightclub in the centre or south part of town ? most of them are in the centre
2 location doesn t really matter is there an entrance fee ?	yes all of the listed entrance fees are 5 pounds the club salsa is nice
3 club salsa sounds right up my alley can i get the address and phone number please ?	club salsa s address is 1 station road and their phone number is 07782218745
4 okay great ! thanks for your help !	you re welcome can i help you with anything else ?
5 no thanks that s it	have fun ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi	sure thing i have two options for you and they are both guesthouses one in the east and one in the north do you have a preference ?
2 are either of those two cheap ?	no i am sorry they are both in the moderate price range would you like to book one of them ?
3 any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap	there are no 4-star places that are cheap and have free wifi perhaps something not as fancy or in a higher price range ?
4 i m not sure i really needed those specifications	i apologize we have several options the alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap four star guesthouse in the north area with wifi would you care to reserve a room ?
5 yes let s book it for 3 nights from wednesday there will be 5 of us	okay i ve made your reservation the reference number is 525a3u0n what else can i help you with today ?
6 you ve taken care of everything thank you	thank you have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for bistro food	i cannot find any restaurants matching your request can i find something else for you instead ?
2 how about a restaurant serving portuguese food ?	nandos city centre which is in the south part of town serves portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range
3 may i have the address and phone number of nandos ?	nandos address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and their phone number is 01223 327908
4 thank you	you re welcome have a nice day

#attraction#
1 i m looking for an attraction called cambridge artworks do you have any information on it ?	sure thing ! the entrance is free ! it is located at 5 greens road in postcode cb13ef
2 do you have their phone number ?	sure the phone number is 01223902168 can i help with anything else ?
3 no i think that is good thanks for your help and have a nice day	have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip to cambridge artworks !
4 okay thank you for all your help	you are welcome thank you for contacting the help desk and have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i want something that s moderately priced any type of food	what area would you like ?
2 i would like the north part of town please	golden wok serves chinese food would you like their address and phone number ?
3 yes i would like their address and phone number	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

#hotel#
1 could you provide me with information about the huntingdon marriott hotel ?	the huntingdon marriott hotel is an expensive hotel in the west with a 4 star rating would you like to make a booking ?
2 yes i want to book it for 7 people we will be staying for 4 nights starting from monday	i m sorry that isn t available can i find a different hotel for you today ?
3 yes lets look for a 3 star rating hotel,please	i was able to get a room for you at gonville hotel for monday your reference number is 96gt1k88 is there anything else ?
4 great that was all i needed today thank you !	great you re welcome ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town	do you have a price ranger preference ?
2 he restaurant should be in the expensive price range	there are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city what type of cuisine are you seeking ?
3 i d like japanese food please	yes i found a perfect fit for you wagamama is a japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town would you like their address and telephone number ?
4 yes please as well as their postcode	the address is 36 saint andrews street cb23ar and the phone number is 01223462354
5 thank you for your help i appreciate it !	you re welcome do you need any further assistance ?
6 no thank you that will be all for today !	you re very welcome feel free to call us again in the future have a nice evening

#hotel#
1 i m hoping to find rosa s bed and breakfast	rosa s bed and breakfast is located at 53 roseford road would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes i need a reservation for 3 people for 2 nights starting from saturday	the booking was unsuccessful is there another hotel you would like me to look into ?
3 yes can you find a different hotel in the same price range ?	i am sorry there are no others in that price range in that area would another area be okay ?
4 yes try another area please	alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked reference number is yux0zqku
5 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	thank you for using our system today !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food would you like ? british indian gastropub or chinese ?
2 it doesn t matter	yu garden is a chinese restaurant located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 yes and could you also give me their phone number ?	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food what is the phone number and address ?	la raza serves cheap spanish food located in the centre area at 4 - 6 rose crescent with phone number 01223 464550
2 thanks goodbye	you re welcome goodbye
3 goodbye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town i d also like the restaurant s phone number	there are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town la margherita is an italian restaurant and thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant would you like the phone number for one or both of those ?
2 vietnamese sounds good could i have the phone number for thanh binh ?	the phone number is 01223 362456
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye have a nice day

#attraction#
1 would you be able to help me with a particular attraction ?	sure what s it called ?
2 i am looking for the address postcode and attraction type for people s portraits exhibition at girton college thank you	thank you...the address for the museum is girton college huntingdon road cb2ojg is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 what is the area ?	it is located in the west will that be all today ?
4 yes that will be all thanks for your help bye	you re welcome thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food	there are no restuarants on the west side of town the serves jamaican food is there another type of food you woluld like ?
2 how about chinese food ?	peking restaurant serves chinese food it is in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town would you like the address and phone number ?
3 just their address please	the peking restaurant is at 10 homerton street city centre can i be of further help ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving christmas food can i find anything else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	there are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve chinese food what price range would you like ?
3 i dont care	i would recommend peking restaurant which is a nice restaurant in the south
4 can i have the address of them also the price range ?	peking restaurant is expensive its location is at 10 homerton street city centre
5 thank you good bye	enjoy your meal goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food	i m sorry but i cannot find any restuarant serving australasian food can i help you find something else ?
2 how about international type of food ?	bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is in the centre part of town it has a moderate price range and the phone number is 0871 942 9180

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information on the leverton house hotel	leverton house is a guesthouse located in the east area it s a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range they offer internet and parking their phone number is 01223292094
2 thank you for your help that s all i need	so glad i could help have a lovely day !

#train#
1 yes please help me book a train on saturday	we have a large amount of trains that day is there a specific location ?
2 i want to go from london liverpool street to cambridge	what time would you like to leave ?
3 i want to leave after 08:45 please	the first train to london liverpool street is at 09:39 and arrives at 11:07 in cambridge does this time work for you ? or would you like later ?
4 oh sorry i wanted a train on friday not saturday anything after 08:45 from london liverpool street to cambridge	i m sorry there is no train leaving from london live to cambridge on friday by 8:45 would you like to try a different day or time ?
5 what are the available options	i apologize for the earlier confusion we do have trains leaving every two hours starting at 09:39 until 01:07am which time works for you ?
6 tell me the arrival time of the 09:39 train please	sure the 9:30 train leaves london liverpool street on friday and arrives in cambridge by 11:07 would you like me to book that ?
7 yes i will book that	of course how many tickets will you need ?
8 i just need one ticket please	i have you booked on the tr0637 train the total cost is 16.60 gbp and the reference number is kqmhcznl is there anything else that i can help you with ?
9 no that is everything that i need thank you so much for your help	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 restaurant on the south side please	would you be interested in a wonderful indian restaurant called tandoori palace ?
2 no actually can you suggest me some kosher places ?	there are no kosher restaurants in that area would you like to search another area or food type ?
3 a portuguese restaurant might be nice	there is ali baba at 59 hills road city centre phone number is 01462 432565

#restaurant#
1 i would like a traditional food restaurant	what price range do you have in mind ?
2 i don t care	no matching records were found can you be more specific ?
3 how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh serves vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town would you like more info on it ?
4 yes i would like their address and phone number please	thanh binh s address is 17 magdalene street city centre and their phone number is 01223 362456
5 and also postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
6 thank you for your help goodbye !	you re welcome and do call us again ! goodbye

#attraction#
1 what theaters are on the east side of town ?	unfortunately i don t happen to have any located in the east can i check in a different area for you ?
2 ok well lets try maybe for a swimming pool instead	the abbey pool and astroturf pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town would you like their address ?
3 no but i would like the number and postcode for the abbey pool	the phone number is 01223902088 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 yes do you have the abbey pool postcode please ?	sure it is cb58nt will that be all ?
5 no that is it thanks	ok thank you for using our service & have a good day

#restaurant#
1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant called hk fusion what info can you get me for that ?	hk fusion is a chinese restuarant located in the centre of town at 21 burleigh street city centre
2 what is the phone number and food type ?	it s a chinese restaurant and the phone number is 01223355909 may i help with anything else ?
3 no i think that s all i need to know thanks for the help	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
4 yes and then some ! thanks so much	that s great glad we could help ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderate european place to eat	i have found 5 restaurants that match what you re looking for would you like me to go through them ?
2 yes please go through them	the first restaurant is the hotel du vin and bistro then there is the galleria restaurant alimentum de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie which one would you prefer ?
3 i am not sure but i need to make the reservation for 8 people at 16:30 on saturday	i made a reservation at de luca cucina and bar the reference number 0plz0ise
4 great thanks ! that s all for now bye !	enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town ?	how about grafton hotel restaurant it serves british
2 no i am not interested in british right now do you have any other listings ?	there are four more results what type of food are you interested in ?
3 i don t care	pipasha restaurant is in the expensive price range and in the east part of town they serve indian food
4 great ! can you please let me know their contact number ?	you can reach pipasha restaurant at 01223 577786
5 thank you	is there anything else i can help you find today ?
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking to book a train i need to leave cambridge and go to london liverpool street	no problem i have many options for you do you have a particular day of the week you would like to travel or time ?
2 yes i should leave after 13:45 and should leave on thursday	i have a train leaving thursday at 13:59 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 could you tell me when the train arrives in london liverpool street ?	that train arrives at 15:27 would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes pliz.may i also get the arrival time	the arrival time is by 15:27 do you want to book a seat ?
5 not yet i just needed to get the details thanks for helping me goodbye	thank you for using our services do you need any further assistance ?

#restaurant#
1 i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre	i have 33 options for you is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in ?
2 i want british food	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food in the centre area would you like a reservation ?
3 no that won t be necessary i ll just need the phone and address please	they re at 51 trumpington street city centre and their phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no you were great enjoy the rest of your day	thank you for using our services

#hotel#
1 i m looking to get some information on the alpha-milton guest house	the alpha-milton guesthouse in the north and moderately priced would you like to book a room ?
2 not yet but can you tell me the postcode for this guesthouse ?	the postcode is cb41xa can i help with anything else ?
3 no thanks that s all i needed have a great day bye !	you re welcome thank you for calling have a nice day

#hotel#
1 hi i need a guest house to stay in please	i ve found 24 different guesthouses for you would you like some recommendations based on more preferences ?
2 i need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 3 please	i found 3 guesthouses matching your criteria in the north south and west what part of town would you prefer ?
3 i d like something on the north side of town	i have the hamilton lodge on chesterton road would that be ok ?
4 yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and i will be staying 5 nights if that s available	there are no guest house s available in the north how about a hotel instead ?
5 that would be fine as long as it is in the same price range	i am sorry there are no hotels that match either would you like to try a different part of town or star rating ?
6 yes would you check the west part of town please ?	i m sorry there is none that match your request in the west should i try different star rating or another part of town ?
7 could you try a hotel in the west in the same price range the star does not matter	hobsons house is a moderately-priced 3-star guesthouse in the west i was able to book that for you ref#lqivxpcx can i help with anything else today ?
8 thank you that s all i need today goodbye !	you re welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	the pizza hut cherry hinton is moderately priced and in the south part of town would you like their location ?
2 yes i would like the location and the phone number please	the address of pizza hut cherry hinton is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town	the curry prince is in the moderate price range and it is on the east part of town
2 can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant ?	yes the curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that will do it thank you very much	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food	there are 9 available what price range do you prefer ?
2 ii d like a moderately priced place	there are two in that price range i suggest pizza express !
3 that sounds good enough what s the address there ?	the address is regent street city centre would you like me to book a table ?
4 no i just needed to know where it was thank you	awesome take care !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre	there is one african restuarant in the center it is named bedouin and is expensive their phone number is 01223367660 would you like me to book for you ?
2 first what is the address please ?	bedouin 100 mill road city centre
3 thanks what s the price range and phone number ?	it s an expensive restaurant and the number is 01223367660
4 thanks for your help	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i d like to find a train arriving in peterborough by 8:00	there are daily departures from cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in petersborough at 07:56 which day were you planning to travel ?
2 i am planning to travel on thursday	there are daily departures from cambridge at 07:06 that arrive in petersborough at 07:56 would you like to book tickets ?
3 yes i ll need 4 tickets please	your booking was successful the total fee is 66 gbp payable at the station .the reference number is : zw9tao4i
4 great thanks ! that s all i needed	you are quite welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 id like to eat at an expensive indian place know any ?	there are many to choose from,can i get what area you would like the restaurant to be at to narrow it down ?
2 how about in the city centre ?	there are 6 indian restaurants that fit this would you like me to book one for you ?
3 yes which of them have the best reviews ?	i am sorry i cannot see the reviews i can give you their phone numbers and you may call them if you like
4 can you see which ones have availability sunday at 19:15 for 2 people ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : k3ebx9qt the booking is at the golden curry need anything else ?
5 nope that would be it thanks for all the help have a nice day !	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre

#restaurant#
1 is there a cheap place in the north part of town ?	there are two restaurants that meet your specification one is italian and the other is indian which would you prefer ?
2 italian please can you give me the address ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town their address is 20 milton road chesterton
3 what is the phone number please ?	da vinci pizzeria s phone number is 01223351707 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that will be it thank you	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south of town and is in the cheap price range
2 can i have the address and phone number ?	the address is 3-34 saint andrews street and the phone number is 01223 327908 do you need anything else ?
3 no thank you goodbye	have a wonderful day and enjoy your food

#train#
1 hi i would like to travel stevenage from cambridge by train could you please tell me when the next train is leaving ?	the next train departing is tr8306 on friday at 5:54 set to arrive by 6:43 would you like to book that ?
2 i actually need to leave on saturday	let me confirm you are traveling from cambridge to stevanage this saturday also what time do you want to leave or arrive ?
3 i am in cambridge traveling to stevanage on saturday i want to arrive in stevenage by 12:45	train id tr3259 price 10.24 pounds reference number is : 1p6x7b88
4 i ll also need the travel time please	the travel time is 19 minutes
5 ok great thanks !	thank you for using our services do you need any further assistance ?
6 no that was everything goodbye	thank you for allowing me to help have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a four star guest house	yes i have several listings in different parts of the city do you have a price range or location preference ?
2 i ll need free wifi	that s no problem 18 of our lodging establishments offer free wifi is there a price range or location you d prefer ?
3 not really but i will need a room for 5 starting on thursday are there any with that availability ?	how many nights would you like to stay ?
4 we ll be staying for five nights	i have made a booking at the acorn guest house for you the reservation number is 0lv52r28
5 thank you could i please get the address and phone number ?	yes address is 154 chesterton road their phone number is 01223353888 is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 no that will do thanks !	have a good trip thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#hotel#
1 hello can you help me find a cheap guesthouse ?	there are 9 to choose from what area would you like ?
2 i don t care i d like a hotel though with 4 stars	okay the cambridge belfry fits all of your needs
3 that sounds wonderful can you please book a reservation for 7 people ?	on which day would you like to start this reservation ?
4 sunday for 4 nights please	i was able to book the room the reference number is ys8h6aoe is there anything else i can help with today ?
5 thank you so much that is all for today	you re welcome have a great trip !

#attraction#
1 do you have information about the cambridge museum of technology ?	yes the cambridge museum of technology is in the east part of town the entrance fee in 5 pounds would you like a ticket ?
2 not at this moment i would like the museum s postcode though	their postcode is cb58ld
3 thanks and it is an actual museum correct ?	yes it is a museum is there anything else you would like to know ?
4 no that will cover it thanks so much you ve been very helpful	your welcome enjoy visit at the cambridge museum of technology

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north	yes there are 33 hotels that meet your requests some of them offer parking or free internet as well
2 any listings for a guesthouse ?	i have 5 all located in the north and all are gueshouses how many will i booking for and when ?
3 i would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from friday	i was able to get a guesthouse for you at arbury lodge for friday your reference number is hv8fjqju
4 thank you for booking it,that is all i need	have a good stay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find information on a particular restaurant it is called la margherita	la margherita is in the west cheaply priced located at 15 magdalene street city centre and can be reached at 01223315232
2 what kind of food do they serve there ?	it appears they serve italian food would you like me to book you a table ?
3 no that is all i need thank you	you re more than welcome !

#train#
1 i need a train that leaves this thursday from cambridge to ely	i have 10 trains to ely thursday leaving on the :50 every two hours from 05:50 to 23:50 did you have a particular time in mind ?
2 i need to leave after 17:45 so anytime after that would be great	i have train tr7355 from cambridge departing at 17:50 and arriving in ely at 18:07 would this train work for you or would you like a later departure ?
3 that s great i ll need 3 tickets please	booking was successful the total fee is 13.2 gbp payable at the station reference number is : wdetdx35
4 i apologize this train is going to broxbourne from cambridge for 3 people are you able to book that ?	sure do you still need the train on thursday after 17:45 ?
5 yes that s broxbourne to cambridge on thursday leaving after 17:45	when would you like to arrive ?
6 sorry i really need to be leaving from cambridge to go to broxbourne leaving after 17:45 on thursday arrival time doesn t matter	how about tr9890 ? it departs cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in broxbourne at 19:01 it is 17.90 pounds per ticket would you like to book that one ?
7 yes please i will need the reference number when you are finished	your booking was a success the total fee for 3 tickets is 53.70 gbp payable at the station and your reference number is tsujxvyu is there anything else i can do ?
8 no that will do cheers	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello ! i would like to go to a restaurant in the east please	there are nine restaurants in the east do you want a certain price range ?
2 moderate price please	i have two indian restaurants and one italian restaurant do you have a preference ?
3 i would like to try the italian one what is the restaurant s name please ?	it is pizza hut fen ditton
4 can i get the address postcode too please ?	the address is cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton postcode cb58wr anything else ?
5 thanks a lot that would be all	you are welcome enjoy your stay in cambridge

#restaurant#
1 i want your most expensive restaurant in the south town	there are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range what type of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the south part of town
3 ok can you tell me the other restaurants ?	yes there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria there is frankie and bennys peking restaurant taj tandoori and the good luck chinese food takeaway
4 great ! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#attraction#
1 yes i would like help locating an attraction	ok - what type of attraction are you looking for and in what part of town ?
2 i m looking for the entrance fee for castle galleries	their entrance fee is free
3 thanks for the recommendation that s all the help i need today	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating	i ve found 6 choices that match your inquiry are you looking for a specific price range ?
2 i would like a lower price range with free parking	we have 3 guesthouses with free parking in moderate price range
3 i want to be in a hotel not a guesthouse	there are no hotels matching your requirements would you like to try something different ?
4 can you find me a hotel in the south with a 3 star rating free parking ?	the lensfield hotel matches that all your requirements would you like to book there ?
5 yes please let s try that	can you please let me know the details of your reservation such as number of people length of stay and arrival date
6 please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday	that booking was unsuccessful would you like me to help you find another hotel ?
7 is there another hotel in the same price range that you can book ?	there are none in the same area,can i check in another area ?
8 yes please check in another area	the gonville hotel in the centre area meets all your requirements would you like to book there ?
9 yes could you check there please	i have made a booking and it went through your reference number is : aebkvjv3
10 yes and please give me the reference number	your reference number is aebkvjv3 is there anything else you needed today ?
11 no that will be it thank you	you re welcome enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 hi i d like to find out about the hobsons house hotel	hobsons house is a guesthouse in the west part of town it is moderately priced with 3 stars internet and parking would you like more information ?
2 if you have it can i get their phone number and postcode please	sure thing the hobsons house can be reached at 01223304906 their postcode is cb39lh did you need assistance booking a reservation there ?
3 i m not quite sure yet do they have free parking ?	they sure do as well as free internet would you like me to book you a room now ?
4 not at this time thank you for your help	you are welcome have a nice day
5 you too thank you	feel free to call us when you are ready to book good bye

#hotel#
1 hi i d like to stay at the warkworth house please	warkworth house is an excellent choice shall i book it for you ?
2 yes please ! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 5 nights	booking was successful reference number is : az8epkau
3 thanks for all of your help	you are welcome do you need anything else ?
4 that is all for now thank you so much !	glad i could help hope you have a great day

#hotel#
1 can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi ?	the lensfield hotel is expensive and has a 3 star rating
2 is there a guesthouse available ?	i have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range is there a particular area you wish to stay in ?
3 yes in west cambridge	i cannot find anything in cambridge
4 are there any hotels in the same price range ?	i found hobsons house guesthouse in the west it is a 3 star moderate and has free internet can i book it for you ?
5 yes please and i need the reference number	what day are you beginning your stay ? how many days and how many people do you want to make a booking for ?
6 i need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting monday please	the hobson in not open but i have the hamilton open would you like me too book it it fits the same criteria
7 yes please and be sure to provide me the booking number thank you	great you re all booked and your reference number is umrjouwz anything else i can do for you ?
8 that will be all thank you for your help	thank you for using our service today and have a wonderful stay in cambridge !

#hotel#
1 do you have any information on a hotel called the acorn guesthouse ?	the acorn guesthouse is in the north of the city and is rated 4 stars their phone number is 01223353888
2 thank you	do you want me to book the guesthouse for you ? i will need your day of arrival the number of people and the number of nights
3 yes i need booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from saturday. ?	the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another hotel
4 yes please book another in the same price range and i will need the reference number	you are booked into alpha-milton guest house in the moderate price range you wanted your reference number is 1jcgp18d is there anything else ?
5 thank you so much that is all i ll need for today bye	have a wonderful day !

#attraction#
1 hi i am looking to go to a place with multiple sports in the centre can you help me ?	the cherry hinton village centre is available if that works for you ?
2 is that a multiple sports attraction in the centre ? how much does it cost ?	no the only multiple sports place is in the east would you prefer that one or perhaps a different type of attraction in the centre ?
3 i d like to definitely see something in the centre of town how about a museum ? can you recommend a nice one ?	there are 5 museums in the centre of town all with free admission my favorite is castle galleries on st andrews street
4 excellent can i get the address and post code please ?	of course ! the postcode is cb23bj and it is located at unit su43 grande arcade saint andrews street can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no that is all thanks	if you need anything else feel free to contact us again have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 hello ! i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are several options available would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for ?
2 i want asian oriental food	sure we have yippee noodle bar in the town centre shall i book a table ?
3 is the yippee noodle bar moderately priced ?	yes it is moderately priced
4 that sounds perfect i don t need a reservation right now but could you give me the address phone number and postcode please ?	sure thing the address is 40428 king street city centre postcode cb11lh and the phone number is 01223518111 can i help you find anything else ?
5 no i m all set thanks for your help !	i m glad we were able to help you today have a wonderful weekend !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to cambridge	alright what day are you looking to travel ?
2 i want to travel this sunday please	okay and what time do you want to leave ?
3 i need to leave after 19:15	i have several trains that meet that criteria where are you departing from ?
4 i will be leaving london kings cross	tr1681 will be departing london kings cross at 19:17 would you like to reserve a seat ?
5 yes thank you can you book it for 3 people and provide the reference number for me ?	there we go all set the reference number is am5kzm91
6 marvelous i am all set to go now thank you for your help goodbye	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town what do you have available ?	i show two restaurants that fit your criteria one is chinese and one is indian which one would you like to find out more about ?
2 please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant	the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966 will that be all or can i assist you further ?
3 that s all i need thank you goodbye !	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town	golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range
2 i d like to have their phone number and address	their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 histon road chesterton
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 one in the east part of town	there are several restaurants in the east part of town do you have a preference for the type of food or price range ?
2 and serves irish style food please	i apologize there are no restaurants in the east part of town that serve irish food would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food ?
3 indian food in the east part of town would be good	there are four restaurants in the east part of town that serve indian food what price range would you like ?
4 it doesn t matter	curry prince is an indian restaurant located in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you like any additional information ?
5 may i have the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 566388
6 what is the address ?	curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
8 good bye	good bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town	there are two the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge both have internet and parking both are 2 stars
2 are there any four star hotels ?	not on the north side of town there are two on the west side and one in the town centre
3 could i have one in the centre of town	absolutely ! it s called the university arms hotel great reviews ! would you like me to schedule that for you ?
4 please do,lets make it for this coming monday,than k you	for how many people please and how long is your stay going to be ?
5 two people two nights starting thursday	yes the university arms hotel would you like me to book that for you ?
6 actually how about a guesthouse type place in the north with four stars ?	i regret to inform you that i could not book a room at the requested location would you like to try another hotel ?
7 another hotel in the same pricerange then ?	i got you a room at the gonville hotel your reference number is: 0yb5m0ht is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 no that will be all thank you for all of your help	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 hello i m looking for an italian restaurant on the east side thank you !	i show one called the pizza hut fen ditton that serves italian style food and is located on the east side in the cambridge retail park newmarket road fen ditton
2 is this restaurant in the moderate price range ?	it is listed in the moderate range would you like to book a reservation ?
3 yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 19:30 please	i m sorry we were not able to book a table at that restaurant would you like me to find another restaurant ?
4 no i will call back thank you	let me know what else you need
5 can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me ?	i was able to book rajmahal reference number is ksfskic1
6 i did not say to book rajmahal what type of food does it serve ?	they serve indian food
7 if there are not any italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced rajmahal will be fine	your reservation is made the number is ksfskic1
8 thank you for your help bye	the address and phone for the rajmahal is 7 barnwell road fen ditton cb58rg 01223244955 enjoy our city
9 i hope to goodbye	have a nice day then !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food	eraina would fit the bill
2 what is the address phone number and price range ?	it s pretty expensive it s at free school lane city centre and you can call them at 01223 368786 anything else i can help you with ?
3 no that will be all thanks !	you re welcome !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from cambridge to leicester	what day will you be leaving ?
2 i will be leaving on monday	there are 19 trains would you like me to book you one ?
3 i need to arrive in leicester by 21:15 do you have one like that ?	there s a train arriving at 21:06 would you like to book that train now ?
4 that will probably work what is the travel time for that train ?	it will be a 105 minute trip
5 okay that s all i needed to know thanks	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place serving spanish food somewhere in town	there are two spanish restaurants both of which are in the town center la raza is rated cheap la tasca is rated moderately priced please choose one of those options
2 i don t have a preference please make a suggestion	la raza serves spanish food is located in the centre part of town and is in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
3 i will go to la tasca what is their phone number ?	la tasca s phone number is 01223 464630
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south would you like more information on them ?
2 is there anything else ?	yes chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town
3 may i have their address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton its phone number is 01223400170 would you like anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thanks for your call goodbye !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train that leaves wednesday and arrives by 9:30	where is your departure from ?
2 oh sorry coming in from kings lynn	i have train tr4638 from kings lynn to cambridge departing at 8:11 and arriving at 8:58 would that work for you ?
3 may i make a booking for six people ?	i have successfully booked your tickets 58.8 gbp is payable at the station the reference number is wgs360aq
4 great thank you	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food	i m sorry but there are no moderately priced brazilian restaurants
2 could you recommend an indian restaurant in the same price range ?	sure there are 4 indian restaurants in the moderate price range do you prefer a certain part of town ?
3 no i don t care	how about curry prince which is in the east part of town and serves indian food ?
4 that sounds good what is the address and phone number ?	the phone number for the curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton
5 is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range ?	meghna serves moderately priced indian food in the west part of town
6 thank you for all your help and have a nice evening	no problem you enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for something cheap in the south part of town	there are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food ?
2 either is fine can you provide the address and phone number ?	nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way their phone number is 01223 327908 can i help you with anything else ?
3 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 14:00	there are hundreds of those ! what day are you traveling and what s your destination station ?
2 i need to leave from kings cross on a saturday please	sure are you leaving or going to london kings cross ?
3 i am going to london	okay i d recommended tr6203 leaving at 15:00 and arriving at 15:51 total duration 51 minutes the price is 18.88 pounds would that work for you ?
4 yes thank you very much that s all i needed !	you re very welcome enjoy your trip goodbye !

#attraction#
1 i want to go visit a college in the east part of town please	i was unable to find any colleges in the east part of town
2 okay what about an attraction that is in the type of entertainment ?	yes i recommend the funky fun house with a name like that how can you go wrong ?
3 sounds awesome ! is there an entrance fee ?	unfortunately i don t have any information about the entrance fee is there any other information you need to know ?
4 sure just the address and phone number will be fine	alright here you are the address is 8 mercers row mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705 can i find any other information for you ?
5 no that is all i need thanks and bye	thank you have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves traditional food	there are no restaurants matching your request would you like a different one ?
2 please find moderately price restaurants that serve spanish type of food	the only restaurant fitting such criteria is la tasca
3 what is the address phone number and postcode ?	the address is 14 - 16 bridge street the postcode is cb21uf and the phone number is 01223 464630
4 thank you goodbye	you are welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town	there are several good restaurants in the south part of town do you have a preference for the type of food or price range ?
2 yes i d like a restaurant that serves portuguese food	nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese
3 nandos sounds great thank you	thank you good bye
4 goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 hello i need a train leaving from london kings cross on thursday what s available ?	i have multiple trains leaving london kings cross thursday what time are you looking to leave by ?
2 i am looking to go to cambridge and arrive by 9:45	i have 2 trains leaving london kings cross for cambridge thursday arriving before 9:45 which would you prefer one arrives at 6:08 the other 8:08 ?
3 what s the price ?	the price per ticket is 23.60 pounds and the ride is 51 minutes long can i help you in booking a ticket ?
4 no no booking is necessary but thanks for the info thats all i needed	very good have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i could really use something to eat	i have over 100 restaurants to choose from would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range ?
2 expensive restaurant in the centre please	any particular type of food you re hankering for ?
3 not really which is your favorite ? i ll book that for 13:00 thursday there will be 6 of us	i m sorry i have not found anything for that time yet can you choose another day or time please ? are you sure you don t have a preference for food type ?
4 let s try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on thursday i ll also need a reference number	which restuarant do you want to book at ?
5 i m not sure just something expensive we are celebrating	i booked you at curry queen your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is c06rjunl
6 thank you for your help this is all i needed	you re welcome please come again if you need more help

#train#
1 hi there i need to book a train from cambridge to broxbourne	is there a day you need to leave ? do you have a time you need to leave or arrive ?
2 i m sorry i actually need to travel from broxbourne to cambridge and yes i actually do need to leave after 13:00 on tuesday	all right the tr8199 train leaves at 13:32 on tuesday would you like me to purchase tickets for you ?
3 yes that would be great i need 8 seats	alright i have your 8 tickets purchased for the tr8199 train your reference number is zj8kwjq9 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s all i need thanks	you re welcome have a nice day

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to cambridge	what time do you want to leave ?
2 i would like to leave after 15:15	i d love to help ! where are you departing from ?
3 leicester.also get train id travel time and price	16:09 17:54 37.80 pounds 105 minutes thats all you could need sir
4 i will need the train id also please	tr7878 leaves leicester friday at 16:09 would you like to book a seat ?
5 i don t need to book a seat i just needed the train id	the train id is tr7878 is there anything else i can assist you with ?
6 thanks a lot that is all for now	thank you for contacting us have a great day

#restaurant#
1 are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food ?	i m sorry there aren t any middle eastern restaurants is there another type of food you d like to try ?
2 can you try the search again looking for portugeuese food instead ?	sure ! i actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve portuguese food are you interested in one of these ?
3 i would like the one that is in the centre of town can you book me a table there for thursday at 11:30 ? there will be 6 of us	i m sorry but the restaurant isn t available for that time is there another time or day you d like to try ?
4 can you try 10:30 instead ?	you re all set i have book a table for 6 at 10:30 reference # 2801gmop can i help with anything else ?
5 no that s all i need thank you !	you re welcome enjoy your day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called alpha-milton guest house	the alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town at 63 milton road
2 book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	i have successfuly booked the hotel for you your reference number is 1xpv9omk is there anything else i may help you with ?
3 no thank you !	you are welcome have a good visit thanks for using the towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving french food could you please give me their phone numbers ?	there is a very good french restaurant in the centre of town their phone number is 01223 311053
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a place to stay ? it should be cheap	there are 10 cheap places to stay do you have any other preferences or would you like my recommendation ?
2 i would like a recommendation for a cozy bed and breakfast	may i please have the specific area and price range ? so that i may narrow down the search
3 a cheap one i don t have a lot of money one with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting friday please	i have no cheap bed and breakfast places shall i try another type or price ?
4 try another type	i have 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range with wifi what part of town would you prefer ?
5 i would like to stay on the east side	the allenbell seems nice it has four starts does that work ?
6 that will be fine can you book the allenbell for my stay ?	i have booked the allenbell for your upcoming stay is there anything else i can do for you ?
7 i ll need that reference number please	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another guesthouse in the same price range ?
8 wow i m certainly glad i asked for the reference number ! yes please do try another in the same price range	i m sorry for the this i successfully booked for you accomodation at autumn house your reservation number is 9za0n2fw
9 awesome thank you for your assistance bye !	i m glad i could help have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 are you able to help me find an expensive british restaurant in cambridge please ?	what area would you like the restaurant to be located in ?
2 i don t really have a preference can you recommend a restaurant ? as long as it serves expensive british food i ll be happy	i would recommend fitzbillies restaurant in the centre of town would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
3 yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on thursday	ok i have your reservation booked your reference number is 0sajlxk8 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no that s all for today goodbye !	thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town	i have 33 restaurants that meet your requests can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for ?
2 the type of food doesn t matter i just need a table for 3 for friday night at 19:00	would you like me to try and make a reservation for the cambridge chop house ?
3 yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you	there is no availability at that time would you like to try another time or restaurant ?
4 can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange ?	how about fitzbillies restaurant ? it s also an expensive british restaurant in the centre of the city
5 yes try that please	alright i have your table booked at fitzbillies restaurant the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is: bcvphb3u anything else today ?
6 no thanks that is everything	no problem enjoy your meal on friday good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food	i found one in the south part of town and one in the centre
2 can i have the address of the location in the centre of town ?	the address to nandos is 33-34 saint andrews street it servers portuguese food and is in the centre of town.is there anythig else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 hi ! i need a train to london liverpool street i need an early one arriving there by 8:30	i have 14 trains that will arrive before that time is there a particular day you d like ?
2 i would like to leave on wednesday	i have no trains leaving at that time on wednesday could you pick a different time or date ?
3 you have no trains departing cambridge to london liverpool street on wednesday that will arrive by 8:30 ?	oh wait i have found you one that departs at 5:59 and arrives in london at 7:27 would that do ? everything else is later
4 yes that is fine how long is the journey and how much is the ticket by the way ?	it will be 88 minutes and the price is 16.60 pounds shall i book a ticket ?
5 yes book me a ticket please	no problem your ticket is booked the reference number is 69urtu8a
6 thank you that s all i needed today	great ! have a wonderful time ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town	cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
2 how about a moderately priced russian restaurant ? i don t care what part of town it s in	i am sorry there is no moderately priced russian restaurant would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food ?
3 how about chinese food ?	i m sorry there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range would you like to try something else ?
4 i would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town	jinling noodle bar shanghai family restaurant and lan hong house are in the centre golden wok is in the north
5 what is the phone number ?	the phone number is 01223 566188
6 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the centre part of town
7 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train i need to leave cambridge and i would like to arrive by 09:45	could you tell me your intended destination please ?
2 i need to get to the stansted airport on thursday	i have four different trains that would get you to stansted airport by 9:45 on thursday what time would you like to leave ?
3 it doesn t matter what time i leave just so i arrive by 09:45	how about tr7966 ? it leaves at 05:40 ?
4 sure can i just get the travel time and departure time please	train tr2547 arrives at stansted airport thursday at 8:08 travel time is 28 minutes and you would leave at 7:40 can i book it for you ?
5 no that won t be necessary thank you for the information	you re welcome please let us know if there is anything else we can help with

#train#
1 i need a train that leaves on sunday from london liverpool street	my earliest train is leaving at 5:39 am and arriving at 7:07 am is that acceptable ?
2 that should work ! thank you goodbye	happy to help please let us know if you need anything in the future

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a particular restaurant its name is called panahar	panahar is an indian restaurant in the centre of town it is in the expensive price range would you like to book a table there ?
2 can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday ?	got it - the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is : vx589a4m can i help with anything else ?
3 no that s it for me today thanks for your help !	you re very welcome ! have a great time !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an expensive 2 star hotel	i have the express by holiday inn cambridge with internet and parking would you like me to book that for you ?
2 is it located in the east ?	yes that is located in the east
3 that s what i want please book it for thursday for 3 people staying 2 nights	i m sorry i was unable to book the hotel for you would you like to look for a different place ?
4 yes i would how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	i"m sorry but in that price range and star rating there is only the holiday express could we try another star rating ?
5 yes the star does not matter just try the same price range please	there are no other hotels located in the east is there another area you would prefer ?
6 just any hotel in the same price range please	i can try the lensfield hotel in the south the university arms hotel in the centre the marriot in the west or the gonville hotel in the centre
7 how about trying the gonville hotel ?	yes i was able to book the gonville hotel starting on thursday for 2 nights for 3 people your reference number is 5vna5fpp would that work for you ?
8 yes thanks that s all i need have a nice day	so glad to help ! have a great day good-bye !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a park in the centre of town to visit	cambridge university botanic gardens is a wonderful park located on bateman street entrance fee is 4 pounds is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 that sounds great can i get its address and phone number ?	the park is located at bateman street and the phone number is 01223336265 can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that is all thanks !	you are welcome bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house	ok the autumn house is a guesthouse in the east would you like me to book a room ?
2 yes please i would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights we ll arrive on saturday	you are booked ! reference number is : as63wlae
3 thank you so much !	you are welcome do you need anything further ?
4 thank you that is all for now	you are welcome please let us know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 can i have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?	i found several would you care for a specific type of food ?
2 i do not care	there are three options which match your request how about meghna which serves indian food ?
3 yes it will do can i have the phone number please ?	meghna s phone number is 01223 727410
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 hey ! i m coming into town and i need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town	i have 3 for you to choose from two of them are moderately priced and one is cheap all offer free wifi and parking do you have a preference on price ?
2 not at this time i ll talk it over with my wife can you just give me the name of the moderate one ?	there are two moderately-priced guesthouses to choose from one is the aylesbray lodge and the other is the bridge
3 okay how many stars do they have ?	aylesbray lodge has 4 stars and the bridge guest house has 3
4 that sounds good thank you	would you like me to book either of them ?
5 no we re going to talk it over and reserve at a later date thanks for your help though	ok the bridge house is only 3 stars and the aylesbray is 4 if that makes a difference to your wife can i help with anything else ?
6 no that s all	have a nice day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	meghna is an indian restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the west part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 yes and the address and postcode please	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton the postcode is c.b 4 3 lf
3 perfect thanks for the information goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called royal standard	royal standard is located at 290 mill road city centre would you like to know more about the restaurant ?
2 i d like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please	sorry looks like there s no availability want to try another day or time slot ?
3 what about we try booking for friday ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : pj7x1nhs
4 ok thank you that is all i needed	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town serving british food would you like their location ?
2 address and phone number please	grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton the phone number is 01223 241387
3 ok thank you and good bye	you re welcome goodbye
4 goodbye	enjoy your meal

#train#
1 i need to book a train i need it to leave on sunday after 21:30 can you book this for me ?	where will you be departing from ? and where is your destination ?
2 i d like to go from norwich to cambridge please	there are 2 trains leaving on sunday one leaves at 22:16 and arrives at 23:35 and the other leaves at 23:16 and arrives at 24:35 do either of these work ?
3 yes go with the 22:16 book it for 7 people please	booking was successful the fee is 98.56 gbp and the reference number is minorhoq
4 great that s all i needed today thank you !	you re welcome it was a pleasure to assist you have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east side would you like the address or phone number ?
2 yes please could you tell me both the address and phone number ?	they are at finders corner newmarket road and their number is 01223 812660
3 thank you good bye	thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i would really like to find a basque restaurant on the west side does that exist ?	i m sorry there are no restaurants serving basque food in the west part of town would you like a different type of food ?
2 how about italian food	la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town would you like their location ?
3 no what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 315232
4 thank you	you re welcome is there anything else ?
5 no thank you !	thank you

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town ask for address phone number and type of food	grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387
2 thank you goodbye	you are welcome

#train#
1 i d like to find a train to peterborough	there are 266 trains going to peterborough can you give me a departure day and time so that i can narrow down your choices ?
2 i am looking to go from cambridge and go on friday arriving by 14:30	okay how about the tr5901 leaving at 13:34 and arriving at 14:24 with a duration of 50 minutes ? the cost is 16.50 pounds would that work for you ?
3 that would be perfect !	great how many tickets would you like to purchase ?
4 7 tickets please can i also have the reference number for the booking ?	your tickets are all booked reference number r5p65tw5
5 thank you so much that is all i will need today	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food any price range is fine what do you have available ?	i found wagamama in the centre part of town
2 what is their address phone number and postcode ?	wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street its phone number is 1223 462354 and the postcode is cb23ar is there anything i can help you with ?
3 thank you	you re welcome good bye
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 i need to book a train from stansted airport to cambridge can you help me ?	yes what day will you be traveling ?
2 monday after 11:15	there are 13 trains that match shall i reserve any tickets for you ?
3 can you reserve 6 tickets on the next train after 11:15 ?	i reserved you 6 seats on the tr5754 it leaves at 11:24 the total fee of 60.59 gbp is payable at the station your reference number is : 1ibjmmm8
4 great sounds perfect ! thank you so much for all your help	no problem have a great day and trip goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should go to ely and should depart from cambridge	of course what day would you like to travel ?
2 i would like to leave after 09:00 on sunday	there are many departure times available did you have a specific time in mind ?
3 i just need to leave after 9:00 can you book for 7 people ?	you are all booked for 7 people on tr1159 leaving at 9:50 and arriving by 10:07 reference #433n59v4 fee is 24.64 payable at the station anything else ?
4 that s all for today thanks for your help !	your welcome please let me know if you need anything else

#train#
1 i am looking to leave for bishops stortford after 15:15 by train	certainly where are you departing from ?
2 i ll be leaving from cambridge	i have several trains when would you like to arrive by ?
3 the arrival time does not matter but it should leave on sunday after 15:15	booking was successful the total fee is 8.08 gbp payable at the station reference number is : v6e0h0gj is there anything else i can help with ?
4 were you able to book it for 4 people ?	i was able to book 4 tickets the total fee will be 32.32 pounds payable at the station the reference number is bpuj9isp can i help you with anything else ?
5 okay no that is all today	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves kosher food in the west side	i m sorry we don t have any kosher restaurants on the west side would you like to try a different cuisine type ?
2 i was really hoping for kosher	unfortunately there are no kosher restaurants anywhere in the city can i help you find something else ?
3 how about an expensive indian restaurant ? i know there are many of those !	we have 5 in the west side cocum is very popular would you like to try there ?
4 sure what s cocum s address phone number and postcode ?	here is the information you ve requested for cocum: 71 castle street city centre 01223366668 cb30ah
5 great thank you ! that is all i need today	you re quite welcome thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 yes i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre	there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town do you have a food type preference ?
2 no maybe you could book me at your favorite for saturday ? there will be 8 of us at 17:30	well my personal favorite is copper kettle i ve booked you a table for 8 on saturday at 17:30 your reference number is lsqyzi7o
3 great thanks so much !	you re welcome do you need anymore assistance today ?
4 no that was all i needed thanks for the help have a great day	thank you enjoy your visit goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves persian food	there are no persian restaurants listed is there something else i can search for ?
2 how about a restaurant that serves european food ?	there are 4 restaurants that meet those specification do you have a preference of the area of town it is located at ?
3 the area doesn t matter	okay i suggest the cambridge lodge restaurant they serve great european food and are located in the west part of town would you like their phone number ?
4 yes please and the address as well	their address is hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and their phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking got a hotel near the centre and i need to it have free wifi	i have 5 hotels that fit that criteria are you looking for a particular price range ?
2 expensive a guest house please	i have no matches that fit that criteria would you like me to look up something else ?
3 how about one that is a hotel ?	yes i have two results gonville hotel has 3 stars and university arms has 4 stars would one of those work for you ?
4 yes any one of them will do i need to book for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday please	the gonville hotel is booked however the good news is you are booked into university arms hotel the reference number is bq60jngd is there anything else ?
5 uh no that s fine thanks for all of your help	your welcome have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?	la margherita is an italian restaurant it is located at 15 magdalene street city centre phone number is 01223 315232
2 thank you very much bye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking	i have located 33 moderate priced places with free parking do you have any other preferences so i can narrow things down for you ?
2 which ones have free parking and wifi ?	14 of them do would you like me to book you a room at the bridge guest house or any of the others ?
3 yes book whatever is available	how many people are in your party ?
4 there will be 7 people	may i have your date of arrival and how many nights you would like to stay please ?
5 we are arriving on tuesday and want to stay 2 nights	the bridge guest house book was unsuccessful would you like me to try the acorn guest house ?
6 yes i have heard great things about that guest house	your booking is complete your reference number is 33zfxq8p is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that s all i needed today thank you !	thank you for using our service today

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place that has chinese food	there are 17 chinese restaurants do you prefer any price range or any area in town ?
2 yes i m looking for the address of one in the east part of town	yu garden is a great but expensive chinese restaurant they are located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can do for you ?
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 hello there i am trying to locate a train for monday	sure where will you be going ?
2 i am going to cambridge	all right and where would you like to depart from ?
3 i ll will be leaving from london liverpool street	i ve got 10 trains that are on that route do you have a preferred departure or arrival time ?
4 i need on that will leave london after 21:00	i have two trains that will leave after 21:00 one leaves at 21:39 and one leaves at 23:39 which would you prefer ?
5 what time does the one that leaves at 21:39 arrive in cambridge ? also what is the train id ?	the train id is tr5906 and it arrives by 23:07 in cambridge would you like me to book that one for you ?
6 no i don t need to book it right now thanks for the information	you re very welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 nope thanks though goodbye	let me know if you do need any more help good bye

#restaurant#
1 are there any australian food places in the south part of town ?	i was not able to find any australian restaurants in the south part of town
2 are you sure ? i am really looking for an expensive australian place to dine in the south	yes there are no expensive australian restaurants in the south part of town would you like to look in a different area ?
3 no lets keep the same area but see if there might be an indian restaurant instead	how about taj tandoori ? it is an expensive indian restaurant in the south side
4 okay i want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on sunday	i was not able to book you a table for this time would you like to try a different day or time ?
5 can you see if a table is available at 15:30 ?	i was able to book a table of 5 for 15:30 at taj tandoori on sunday your reference number is hjzcph80 your table will be reserved for 15 minutes
6 great thank you for your help today	it was my pleasure was there anything else i could assist you with ?
7 no that s it for today goodbye	thank you for calling in enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there are mexican chinese italian and indian restaurants in the area are there any food type in particular you would like ?
2 i don t care	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range
3 what is the address and phone number ?	chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	we have two restaurants that meet your criteria are you more interested in chinese of portuguese food ?
2 chinese what is the number ?	the lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south and is in the cheap price range their phone number is 01223 244277
3 what is their address ?	cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the postcode please ?	their postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
5 thank you very much	thank you goodbye

#attraction#
1 could you help me find a museum to visit ?	we have 23 museums in cambridge do you have a particular part of the city you d like to go ?
2 i don t have a preference can you recommend me one ?	sure i really enjoy castle galleries it s conveniently located in the town centre and has free admission
3 that sounds good what is the phone number there ?	the number there is 01223307402 anything else ?
4 awesome thanks no that s all i need	you re welcome enjoy your visit to castle galleries !

#restaurant#
1 i would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves irish food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants matching your criteria would you like a different style of food ?
2 how about french food ?	there is cote an expensive french restaurnt in the centre of town
3 okay may i have the phone number and address please ?	sure cote is located at bridge street city centre its phone number is 01223311053 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you	okay thank you
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi	i m sorry there are no 1 star hotels with internet would you like me to search on 2 stars we have a few hotels available
2 alright i wanted a 1 star but i guess i can listen to the 2 star options	i have 2 on the north side that are in the moderate price range and 1 on the east side in the expensive range would you like to book one
3 hmm what do you what about 4 star hotels ?	there are 5 guesthouses with 4 star ratings in cambridge with moderate to cheap price ranges would you like more information ?
4 well i d like to book one i don t think it matters which one	what dates would you like to book the room for ?
5 i need it for two nights starting on saturday	okay how many people will be in your party ?
6 it would be for 7 people	i have booked you at the a and b guest house at 124 tenison road the reference number is 0j08kugq can i help you with anything else ?
7 no that is all thank you bye	you are welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel in the expensive price range	there are 5 expensive hotels available did you have a preference as to area of the hotel ?
2 no it doesn t matter i would like a 4 star hotel with free parking though	there are two one in the west and one the centre of town
3 could you reserve the one in the centre of town for 3 nights starting monday ? there will be 3 of us	unfortunately i wasn t able to book you for the day and time you wanted would another day or time be alright ?
4 okay could you try the other one please ?	i couldn t book that one either would you like to change your criteria ?
5 i would actually like to book it for 8 people not 3	sure no problem so the hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel and your reference number for the booking is 34baq2wk is there anything else i can help ?
6 that s great i m all set thank you !	you re welcome glad to help ! bye bye !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town	alexander bed and breakfast is a 4-star hotel located in the center of town would you like to book it ?
2 the hotel should have a star of 0 and should include free parking	how about el shaddai it s a gueshouse and located in the centre they have free internet and parking
3 yes four people for four nights starting sunday please	that booking was unsuccessful unfortunately want to give another day a try ?
4 can you try another hotel in the same price range ?	ive located a guesthouse that meets your criteria expect that it is on the north side city centre north b and b would you like me to try and book that ?
5 yes please do try that	i have made a reservation for you at city centre north b and b for 4 nights for 4 people starting on sunday your reference number is t1x3a0do
6 thank you can you give me the address and the phone number ?	sure it is located at 328a histon road post code cb43ht the phone number is 01223312843 can i be of further help ?
7 no i think that is all i need thanks for your help !	wonderful ! thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	i found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town would you prefer chinese or indian food ?
2 can i have the address of the chinese restaurant ?	the golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town the address is 191 histon road chesterton
3 ok thank you good bye	goodbye

#hotel#
1 hey i need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking	i have several options to offer you is there an area of town or price range you d like ?
2 thanks ! i really don t care about the area i need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking	in order to try to narrow down your options do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced ?
3 i don t mind about the price but i want something with 4 stars	how about the archway house ? it is moderately priced in the north
4 that sounds nice can you get it for four nights starting thursday ?	i will be happy to book it for you ! how many people will be staying ?
5 four people thanks	i ve book the hotel for you for 4 people on thursday the reference number is qmozpfhq
6 thanks so much that is all i need bye	you re welcome if you need anything else please let us know

#train#
1 hello i need a train to come in at 8 am	where would you like the train to take you ?
2 i need to leave from cambridge and get to kings lynn by 8:00 on saturday	the tr2973 leaves from cambridge on saturday at 07:11 and arrives at kings lynn at 07:58 if you want one that leaves more time there is one an hour earlier
3 that one will work can you get me 7 tickets please ?	alright i ve booked that and it was successful your reference number is d2d4vn6f and the total fee is 62.72 gbp anything else ?
4 that s all for today have a great one !	thank you you have a great day as well let me know if you need help with anything else

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range can you help me ?	you re in luck we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european what sounds good to you today ?
2 is there chinese available ?	yes there are 3 can i make a dinner reservation for you at one of them ?
3 yes please make it for sunday at 14:00 for 4 people and can i also get the reference number ?	i was able to book ian hong house reference number is e8v1xgoa
4 thanks so much !	is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
5 no thank you that will be all	great ! please contact us again if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food	i m sorry there are no international restaurants listed in that area would you like to try something else ?
2 are there any italian restaurants in that part of town ?	yes da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range would you like more information for them ?
3 yes the address and phone number please	here is the information you have requested phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 milton road chesterton will that be all ?
4 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 looking for a train going to cambridge	what day and time are you wanting to travel ?
2 i am leaving on sunday and need to arrive by 13:00	how about tr3350 that leaves at 05:17 ?
3 you can book it get me the reference number too	w8yhjksv is the reference number
4 thank you that is all i needed	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food ?	unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you do you want to try something else ?
2 yes how about a restaurant serving british food ?	i ve found several british restaurants in the expensive price range does the area of town matter to you ?
3 no it doesn t matter	fitzbillies restaurant serves british food is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range
4 may i have the phone number please ?	certainly the number is 01223 352500 can i assist you any further ?
5 can i have the address please ?	fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 trumpington street city centre can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that was it thank you	thanks have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i need to find some caribbean food in south town	there are no caribbean restaurants in the south of town would you like something else ?
2 how about an italian restaurant ? i will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant	there is frankie and bennys their post code is c.b 1 7 d.y and their phone number is 01223 412430
3 what part of town is frankie and bennys located ?	frankie and bennys is in the south part of town
4 thank you goodbye	bye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to broxbourne please	the train id is tr6549 and it leaves on friday
2 is this all you needed ?	it will be leaving at 5:01 and arriving at 6:01

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 is there anything else ?	peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range do you need any additional information ?
3 i need the address	peking is at 10 homerton street city centre do you need their phone number ?
4 no this is it thank you so much	you re very welcome

#restaurant#
1 what kind of restaurants are on the east side of town ?	there are british indian italian international and chinese restaurant plus a gastropub
2 i would like an indian restaurant	curry prince is located in the east area and serves indian food
3 what is the address and phone number ?	their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and phone 01223 566388
4 thank you goodbye	glad to be of service goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town ?	how about the lucky star a nice chinese place in the south
2 is it cheap and in the south ?	yes the lucky star is both cheap and in the south part of town
3 ok what is the address ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for the lucky star is 01223 244277 is there anything i can help you with ?
5 that is all thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal ?

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel in the center of town with a star of 0	i have 2 with 0 stars one is cheap the other is moderately priced do you have a preference ?
2 i would like the moderately priced hotel	how about cityroomz ? they have free internet
3 yes,address and phone number please ?	the address is sleeperz hotel station road cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 i would like to book that for 2 nights from friday for 2 people	i m sorry that isn t available would you like me to try the other one el shaddai ?
5 yes as long as it s in the same price range	i was able to book el shaddai for 2 for two nights starting friday your reference number is x7wha1xl is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no that s fine thank you for your help	the address of hotel el shaddai is 41 warkworth street cb11eg and the phone number is 01223327978
7 have a nice day	have a nice stay at the el shaddai thank you for contacting us and have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for the limehouse hotel	the limehouse guesthouse is located in the north at 78-80 milton road
2 i d like to make a reservation for thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please	i m sorry but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested would you like to try another hotel ?
3 yes in the same price range please	i am sorry there are no others in that price range or in that area,could i search another area for one ?
4 are you sure there s nothing available ? i really need something in the same price range as limehouse	i show acorn guest house which is in the same area and price range would you like me to check availability there ?
5 yes please check it for me	i have good news i was able to book you into the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is dt4envmj
6 oh good thank you for your help !	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no that s all thanks again !	thank you for using our service

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse with free parking	we have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking do you want to stay in a certain part of town or a certain price range ?
2 yes i would like a place in the north and in the moderate price range	we have 7 guesthouses that meet your requests can i book a room for you ?
3 i need a hotel starting thursday for 3 nights for 2 people	would you like me to book the archway house ? it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi and parking
4 yes please,if it is available for thursday for 3 nights for 2 people	i am afraid that was unsuccessful would you like me to find another hotel ?
5 can you try another hotel in the same pricerange ?	i booked for you a room in hamilton lodge which is in the same pricerange your reservation number is cft39hl4 do you need anything more ?
6 that would be all thanks for assistance !	sure pleasure all mine enjoy your stay !

#attraction#
1 can you find me a theatre in the centre of town ?	we have 4 such places any other preferences ?
2 what are their entrance fees ?	i m sorry but we don t have information on the theaters entrance fees can i help you with anything else ?
3 how about an address ?	the cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward s passage can i provide you any other information ?
4 no that s all i need today thank you for your help !	glad we could help thank you for contacting us and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town what is the address and postcode ?	how about the missing sock ? they serve international food at finders corner newmarket road postal code c.b 25 9 a.q
2 thank you goodbye	woah okay bye

#attraction#
1 i d like to visit a college in the center of town could you help me find something interesting ?	how about downing college ? it has free admission and is located on regent street/
2 that sounds great ! can i have their phone number and postcode please ?	downing college s phone is 01223334860 and their postcode is cb21dq can i help you with anything else today ?
3 no that was all i needed to know thank you you ve been very helpful	you re welcome enjoy your day

#restaurant#
1 hi i am trying to find some information on a restaurant called india house have you heard of it ?	india house serves indian food in the west of town and is expensive their phone number is 0122346166 can i help with anything else ?
2 great can you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday ?	i m sorry they don t have an opening at 12:00 would you like to try a different time or day ?
3 sure let s try for 11:00 same day	i was able to book your table on sunday at 11:00 for 1 the reference number is frgw4oo2
4 thanks that covers it then !	i m so happy we could help you out today enjoy your meal in cambridge !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train that will be going to london kings cross on wednesday	there are ten trains departing from cambridge and arriving in london kings cross on wednesday do you need to arrive by a certain time ?
2 i need it to arrive by 18:00	how about tr8676 that leaves at 19:00 ?
3 i want to book for three people help me get the reference number too	i m sorry for the confusion that train won t arrive by 18:00 tr3843 will arrive by 17:51 does that sound like it will work ?
4 yes please book for 3 people i will need a reference number also	booking was successful the total fee is 70.8 gbp payable at the station reference number is : h6yk4bjl
5 thank you for your help !	you re certainly welcome my pleasure sir anything else i may do for you today ?
6 you ve covered it all thanks a million goodbye	happy to be of service please let us know if we can assist you in the future

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap spanish restaurant	la raza is a cheap spanish restaurant would you like their phone number or address ?
2 yes please	la raza s phone number is 01223 464550 and the address is 4 - 6 rose crescent anything else i can help you with ?
3 thank you goodbye	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap mexican restaurant please	what part of town would you like to dine in ?
2 i don t care	i m sorry but our only mexican restaurant is expensive would you like more information or could i search for another type of restaurant for you ?
3 is there any cheap vietnamese locations ?	thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant
4 may i get the phone number of thank binh please ?	the phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456 may i help you with anything else today ?
5 no i believe that it s thanks for your help	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel doesn t need to have free parking and should be in the north	there are 11 entries in the north what price range are you looking for ?
2 50 to 75 dollars	when would you like to move into the room
3 i would like to move in on saturday and stay for 4 nights	the alpha-milton guest house is available which is a 3 star hotel would you like me to reserve it for you ?
4 i also need to make sure it has free wifi and can accommodate two people	booking was unsuccessful please book another day or a shorter stay
5 how about starting on sunday ?	i m sorry the alpha-minton doesn t have free wifi i booked you into the avalon starting saturday which you wanted
6 thanks ! may i have the reference number ?	sure ! that is banqduca
7 thank you very much	you are more than welcome !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the north and should have a star of 4	i am sorry but we do not have any hotels like that in that area
2 do you have any guesthouses like that ?	yes i have two would you prefer a pricerange of cheap or moderate ?
3 i am not picky really	i d recommend rosa s bed and breakfast want me to book it for you ?
4 yes we are arriving on monday five of us for 5days please	booking was successful reference number is : a51b0mgu enjoy your stay !
5 thanks for your help ! bye !	my pleasure thank you for contacting towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m going to be in the north part of town next week can you help me find a place to stay ?	we have 13 places to stay on the north side of town do you have any preference of whether you d like to stay in a hotel or a guesthouse ?
2 let s see...i d like to get free internet and if you have a place with 4 stars that would rock !	there are quite a few that would meet those requirements would you prefer a cheap or moderate rate for your stay ?
3 honestly the price range doesn t matter to me is there anything you can recommend ?	i have the acorn guest house that is rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range
4 that sounds good what s its phone number please ?	the phone number is 01223353888 would you like any other info ?
5 no that s all thank you	enjoy your stay and let me know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town ?	taj tandoori is the only one matching your request you can contact them at 01223 412299
2 what is the address and price range ?	the address of the venue is 64 cherry hinton road cherry hinton and in expensive price range
3 thank you goodbye	thank you and come again

#restaurant#
1 yes i d like some information on finding a particular restaurant the restaurant should serve a variety of jamaican food and ideally i d like it to be located in the south please	i m sorry but i have no jamaican restaurants located in the south could we try another part of the city or different food type ?
2 no i am looking for that specifically	then we have a problem because such a restaurant does not exist i m sorry is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 how about one that serves italian food ?	i have listings for 2 italian places,one moderate and one expensive which one you like information on ?
4 i d like to book at the expensive place there will be 8 of us and we d like to eat at 15:00 on monday	i apologize the booking was unsuccessful would you like to look at another restaurant
5 can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please ?	would you like to try chiquito restaurant bar ?
6 yes please try booking that for me	wonderful i was successful in booking the chiquito restaurant for you and your reference number is ocgzrnu0
7 thank you so much for all of your help that will be all	you are welcome thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for an expensive hotel that includes free parking	express by holiday inn cambridge is available and fits your requirements
2 i also need a place that is on the west side of town and that has free wifi	the huntingdon marriott hotel is on the west side of town is expensive with a 4-star rating and free parking and wifi would you like to book a room ?
3 i m not sure may i have their telephone number first ?	sure thing the number is 01480446000 can i help you with anything else today ?
4 no that is all thank you	you re welcome please feel free to return to this service if you need anything else

#hotel#
1 yes could you please tell me about the alpha-milton guest house ?	certainly it is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the northend it doesn t offer free wifi or parking would you like the phone number or address ?
2 do you know what the price would be for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting thursday ?	it is in the moderate price range if you would like me to book it for you i can give you a price then
3 yes can you please book me for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting thursday ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel ?
4 is there another hotel in the same price range available at that time ?	the acorn guest house is available and meets the same criteria i have booked it for you your reservation number is li4hvtbm
5 perfect that will work for me thanks so much	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend a restaurant that serves french food ? not too expensive please	there are no french restaurants matching your requests can i help you with something else ?
2 how about a french restaurant in any price range ?	cote is a french restaurant in the city centre in the expensive price range
3 can you please give me their address and phone number	cote s phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at bridge street city centre is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 thank you that is all i needed to know bye bye !	you re welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 hello is there any 4 star places to stay in the north ?	sorry i did not found a 4 star hotel in the north can i look in the south ? there are several nice 4 stars hotel in the south
2 any of them a type of guesthouse ?	for guesthouses i do happen to have 8 listings i have one cheaper and the others are all moderately priced do you need any free wifi or parking ?
3 no i don t need those things could you give me the address of one that you recommend ?	i d recommend the acorn guest house which is on 154 chesterton road do you need any other information ?
4 thanks for that information that s all i need for now have a great day !	you are very welcome ! enjoy your day ! goodbye !

#train#
1 hi i m looking to book a train ticket to liverpool street station in london are there any that depart at or around 18:00 ?	there is a train departing cambridge at 17:59 on wednesday
2 i m actually looking for one on friday are there any that will arrive by 18:00 at liverpool on friday ?	there is train leaving for liverpool street at 5:59 on friday arriving at 7:27 would you like to book a seat ?
3 yes and can you tell me the price of the ticket ?	it would be 16.60 pounds
4 thank you that will be all	okay have a great day
5 thank you	good-bye

#train#
1 please find a train that departs from peterborough and arrives in cambridge by 8:45	okay and which day would you like to travel ?
2 i would like to leave on saturday from london liverpool street	the tr3390 arrives saturday at 8:38 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 can i get travel time and price first please ?	the trip is 50 minutes long and it is 13.20 pounds for a ticket
4 ok thanks im ready to book	great i have booked your ticket your reference number is : 9llwmnom may i help with anything further
5 i m so sorry i didn t mean to book yet i won t need that reservation could you make sure that train tr3390 is departing from london liverpool ?	train tr3390 is departing from peterborough to cambridge would you like me to look for a train departing from london liverpool ?
6 yes please i need to know the price and travel time for that as well	tr7397 leaves from london liverpool street on saturday at 05:39 and arrives in cambridge at 07:07 with travel time of 88 minutes cost is 13.28 pounds shall i book this ticket ?
7 no thank you that s all i needed today	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food and is moderately priced	which area would you like ?
2 i do not care what area it is in	there are no moderately priced moroccan restaurants in any area might another type of food interest you ?
3 yes what about turkish food ?	anatolia and efes restaurants are turkish
4 may i have the address of anatolia ?	the address is 30 bridge street city centre
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 yes i would like a taxi to the town centre from the train station	where from the town centre do you need the taxi to pick you up ?
2 i m sorry did i say taxi ? i mean train	let s start over are you looking for a train ?
3 yes i need it to depart from cambridge	where would you like the train from cambridge to travel to ?

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	the grafton hotel restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range would you like their information ?
2 yes please	they are located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton postcode c.b 5 8 p.a and phone number 01223 241387 how else may i assist you ?
3 is there something else ?	pipasha restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 what is the address and phone number ?	pipasha restaurant s phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at newmarket road fen ditton is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you good bye	thank you goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train schedule that departs from cambridge and should go to ely	ok is there any particular time you d like to leave or arrive by ?
2 i need to get a train leaving cambridge and going to ely i need to be in ely by 10:30 and am leaving on wednesday	tr5626 leaves cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in ely at 10:07 will that work for you ? tickets are 4.40 gbp
3 can you book that for 3 people and get me a reference number as well please ?	i ve reserved you 3 seats on tr5626 the total is 13.2 pounds payable at the station your reference number is 3bmht78a can i help you with anything else today ?
4 no that s everything that i needed thanks for your help !	i hop you enjoy your stay have a good day
5 thank you this is the end of the dialogue	you are very welcome

#train#
1 i need to book a train	where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
2 i m at bishops stortford and would like to go to cambridge	the travel time for that route is 38 minutes what day would you be traveling ?
3 i would like to travel this wednesday and need to leave after 08:15	there are 8 trains that leave after 8:15 did you have a specific arrival time in mind ?
4 no anytime after 8:15 is fine maybe the first train after that time	okay i have the 9:29 that arrives at 10:07 would you like to book that ?
5 yes that works i need the travel time and the train id please	sure train id is tr9178 and travel time is 38 minutes how many tickets do you need ?
6 i actually don t need to book right now sorry for the confusion	ok is that all you needed today then ?
7 yes that s all the info i needed thank you !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves brazilian food	there are no restaurants matching your request
2 can you look for asian oriental food ?	dojo noodle bar is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town
3 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you good bye	thank you for using this system and please call again goodbye

#train#
1 hi i need to catch a train from london liverpool street on wednesday can you please give me the schedule for that day ?	tr7020 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 05:39 07:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes tr8813 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 07:39 09:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes tr7519 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 09:39 11:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes tr4161 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 11:39 13:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes tr2826 london liverpool street cambridge wednesday 13:39 15:07 16.60 pounds 88 minutes
2 it looks like tr4161 from london liverpool street to cambridge leaving on wednesday at 11:39 fits my schedule	great would you like me to book that for you ? how many people ?
3 yes please two of us are traveling together	i have booked you two tickets your reference number is l0hyq28z
4 thanks that s all good bye	welcome again some other time

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food	which area you would like to search in ?
2 i don t care	i am sorry there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range would you like any other type of food or different price range ?
3 bummer how about some reasonably priced chinese food then ?	there are 4 chinese restaurants three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced
4 what is the phone number of one of them ?	the lan hong house is great their phone number is 01223 350420 would you like any additional information about them ?
5 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
6 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from cambridge to ely	there are 70 trains from cambridge to ely do you have a preferred departure time and date ?
2 i want to leave on thursday and be there by 11:15	i have three trains that match your specifications do you have a time you would like to leave by ?
3 no any of them is fine please give me the departure time that you choose	the departure time for trainid tr0996 is 05:50
4 thank you that s all i need today	excellent ! have a good day

#restaurant#
1 a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	would you like chinese or indian food ?
2 i don t care give me the phone number and postcode	golden wok serves chinese food their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is c.b 4 3 hl
3 thank you	you re welcome

#train#
1 would you be able to find me a train leaving on sunday ?	certainly can you please tell me the location you are departing from and where you would like to go ?
2 i will be going to leicaster from cambridge departing after 18:45 please	i have train tr9831 leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 21:06 would that suffice ?
3 yes that will work out great can you please book me 7 tickets for that train ?	okay i ve booked 7 tickets for that train the reference number is stm2j29a is there any other information you need ?
4 that s all that i needed today thank you !	it was a pleasure to help we hope you will use our service again in the future have a wonderful night

#train#
1 hi help me with a train schedule please	i d be happy to help let s start with a few questions; which station would you like to depart from and where would you like to go ?
2 i am looking to depart from cambridge and i am going to london kings cross	okay great what day are you wanting to travel ?
3 i would like to go on wednesday	how about tr3702 that leaves at 05:00 ?
4 that sounds great ! i d like to buy one ticket please	could you please confirm if you need to arrive by any particular time ?
5 i really must arrive by 18:15 to make my meeting	tr3843 will arrive by 17:51 does this suit your needs ?
6 yes can you book it for 5 people and please give me the reference number	your reference number is kpvwzhws is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 that s everything thanks so much for your help goodbye	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east	do you have a specific food type that you prefer ?
2 are there any swedish places ?	i m sorry i didn t find any matches
3 darn alright can we search chinese instead then please ?	yes there is one match a restaurant called yu garden
4 thanks could you book a table for 6 people on monday at 15:15 ?	the reservation was successful and they will hold the table for your party for 15 minutes
5 thank you very much what is the reference number ?	reference number is : 768crnly is there anything else i can assist you with ?
6 no thanks you ve been great !	thank you very much have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north	would you like to eat asian oriental chinese european or french ?
2 i think chinese may have caught my attention	the hotpot is an expensive chinese restaurant in that area
3 great can i get their phone number as well please ?	the phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552 would you like me to book you a table ?
4 no thank you have a great day !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food ?	no there are none is there another type of food you would liked to try ?
2 what about any expensive restaurants with traditional american food in the centre of town ?	no i m sorry there are not there are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre ? might you try a different cuisine ?
3 sure how about italian ?	yes don pasquale pizzeria has italian food and is in the center of town
4 the restaurant sounds good please book a table for sunday at 17:00 for 4 people	your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete ! here is your reference number dpmrytrl how else may i assist you today ?
5 that will be all thank you goodbye !	you re welcome enjouy your meal

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a place to stay with free wifi can you help me find something moderately priced ?	we have plenty of moderately priced options with free wifi do you have any additional preferences ?
2 are there any with a 5 star rating ?	unfortunately none of them have a 5 star rating
3 are there any with a 4 star rating ?	oh yes several are there any addition preferences on those ?
4 nope any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine could you book a room starting saturday for 3 nights 5 people ?	you are booked at the acorn guest house reference number is roccfcm6
5 thank you so much that is all i need	great enjoy your stay bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant in the west side that s in the moderate price range	i have three listings,one for british,indian,italian are any of those types of food you are looking for ?
2 are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday ?	there are two restaurants available the indian restaurant meghna and the italian restaurant prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday which one do you prefer ?
3 the italian restaurant prezzo sounds good	booking was successful table will be reserved for 15 mins reference number is : gvokli1a anything else ?
4 nope thats it thanks	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there are two moderately priced restaurants in the north an italian restaurant and a chinese restaurant would you like more information ?
2 what is the address of anyone of them ?	the golden wok is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 histon road chesterton can i be of further assistance ?
3 thank you	you re welcome enjoy your food
4 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the system

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please	acorn guest house is available if that would work for you ?
2 what is the star rating ? i m actually looking for 4 star rating in the east part of town	then the carolina bed and breakfast or warkworth house might be more to your liking they re both 4-star guesthouses would one of those suit you ?
3 i would like to be booked into the warkworth house starting tuesday	okay how many people will be staying ?
4 seven and three nights from tuesday on	i m sorry but there aren t enough rooms available at the warkworth house should i try another hotel ?
5 yes any in the same pricerange	i got you a room at carolina bed and breakfast your reference number is ibnbrcmh is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 thank you so much that was all i needed today	enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find restaurant one seven ?	i have restaurant one seven located in centre phone number is 01223337766 would you like for me to make a reservation for you ?
2 that would be great can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on friday ?	all right i ve got you booked for friday at 11:45 for 3 people would you like the reference number ?
3 yes please can i have the number ?	certainly your reference number is : ewofbmj3
4 thanks that s everything for today	thank you for using our system
5 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome good day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant serving irish food in any area	there are no irish restaurants in the area
2 well can i get the phone number to a european restaurant ?	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223 355166 can i help you with anything else ?
3 that s it goodbye	your welcome good bye

#train#
1 hello i need to catch a train on friday can you help me find one leaving after 11:30 ?	what are your departure and arrival locations ?
2 i ll be going from cambridge to broxbourne	i have a train that leaves at 12:01 and arrives by 13:01 would you like me to book that train ?
3 yes i will need 2 tickets please	train id tr4266 leaves at 12:01 and arrives at 13:01 would you like me to book that one ?
4 yes for 2 people please can i also get the reference # ? thanks !	your booking was successful you will owe 35.79 gbp at the station and your reference number is: tqickhxg can i assist you with anything else ?
5 no there is nothing else i need today thank you goodbye	thanks for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west ?	we have nine what sort of cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like to eat at an indian restaurant please	there are 5 expensive indian restaurants available in the west would you like me to book one of those for you ?
3 yes please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on thursday	ok i was able to book cocum on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people your reference number is ltz2tpia can i help you with anything else ?
4 no that s it for today thank you for all your help good bye	you are welcome thank you for calling cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town do you have a preference of cuisine ?
2 no i dont care about the cuisine	meghna is a restaurant in the west part of town and moderately priced would you like their phone number and address ?
3 i need the address	meghna is located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town i also need the address and type of food they serve	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
2 what type of food ?	it s mexican
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye
4 that will be all thank you !	thank you and good dbye

#hotel#
1 hello can you help me in locating a certain hotel ?	sure what is the name of the hotel ?
2 i am looking for the alpha-milton guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting friday can you send me the reference please ?	your reservation was successful and your reference number is uo8an5fo is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
3 that s all thank you so much !	thank you for calling enjoy ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like some lebanese food in the west part of town are there any available ?	i m sorry we don t have any lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town would you like to try a different type of food ?
2 how about thai food ?	sala thong serves thai food and is located in the west part of town would you like more information for them ?
3 yes the address phone number and their price range please	sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 newnham road newnham the phone number is 01223 323178
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#attraction#
1 are there any theatres in town ?	there are 5 theatres in town do you have a preference for a specific area ?
2 no which one do you think is the best ?	i d recommend the cambridge arts theatre myself
3 that sounds good can i get the address and postcode please ?	the address is 6 saint edward s passage and the post code is cb23pj do you need the phone number as well ?
4 that won t be necessary thanks for the help !	have a nice stay in the town and enjoy the play in the theatre
5 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for a cheap austrian restaurant	i m sorry but i don t have any austrian restaurants ? would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 are you sure ? i d really like some austrian food	yes i am sure however i do have a number of restaurants listed as serving european food would you like information on these ?
3 yes please i prefer the centre of town if possible	there are a number of european options in the town centre do you have a price range ?
4 i would like for that to be cheap as well	the river bar steakhouse and grill located in the centre has cheap modern european food would you care for that ?
5 sounds good could you give me the number ? also the address and postcode	the phone number is 01223307030 the address is quayside off bridge street and the postcode is cb58aq can i book a reservation ?
6 no i m all set thanks goodbye !	thank you let us know if you need any more help with anything

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food	eraina in the west part of town serves expensive european food
2 great ! can i have their address and phone number ?	eraina is located at free school lane city centre and their phone number is 01223 368786
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi	we have many with those features do you have any other preferences to narrow it down such as price range or location ?
2 oh i would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please	there are many can i get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit ?
3 i don t care about the area as long as i can have it booked for 3 people starting on tuesday for 5 nights	i have the arbury lodge in the north that meets your needs would you like me to book a room there ?
4 yes please book arbury lodge for me	the booking was successful reference number is pohit2co
5 thank you ! that s all for today goodbye !	have an enjoyable stay thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food	i found no matching records for your requests do you want to try something else ?
2 how about chinese food ?	yu garden is a great chinese restaraunt on the east side of town should i get you their phone number ?
3 yes please and the address and postcode also	the address is 529 newmarket road fen ditton the postcode is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223 248882
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system

#train#
1 i m looking for a train to take 5me to cambridge	okay and when would you like to leave ?
2 i would like to leave from stevenage on thursday and get to cambridge by 9:15	there is a train departing stevenage at 7:54 thursday and arriving in cambridge at 8:53
3 can you tell me how long the trip will take ?	the travel time is 49 minutes
4 ok that is all the information i need thank you	you re welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel in the north that also has free parking	there are 2 hotels in the north part of town with parking would you like to book one of them ?
2 do either of those have a 2-star rating ?	yes they both have a 2-star rating
3 can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on thursday i have no preference for which one	both of those hotels are completely booked up when trying to fit that criteria perhaps we can try different specifications ?
4 well i ll have to see if i can shorten my stay then can you try for just 1 night ?	yes i ve booked you for 1 night at the ashley hotel
5 great can i have the reference number please ?	of course the reference number is tptbtvj9
6 great that s all i need thank you for your help	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant called the gandhi	the gandhi is at 72 regent street city centre would you like a reservation or more information ?
2 i d like a reservation for 7 people monday at 15:30 please	unable to book at that time.would you like a different restaurant ?

#train#
1 hello ! i m looking for a train leaving on thursday departing from bishops stortford	ok and what time are you traveling ?
2 i d like to leave after 21:30	train tr3000 leaves bishops strotford for cambridge on thursday at 23:39 will this suit your needs ?
3 that would work for me can i get tickets for 3 people ?	great ! i have booked tr3000 for 3 people at 23:29 your reference number is : fopyb8uc may i help with anything else ?
4 no that is all i really needed thanks have a great day !	glad i could help !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse but i won t have a car with me so i don t need any rigamarole with "free" parking	sure ! there is a three-star guesthouse without free parking at 63 milton road would you like me to book the hotel for you ?
2 what area of town ? what s the price ?	alpha-milton guest house has a moderate price range in the north as is avalon guesthouse a and b is in the east also moderate
3 are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the north ?	name type area pricerange stars internet parking phone postcode address book (optional) alpha-milton guest house guesthouse north moderate 3 no no 01223311625 cb41xa 63 milton road avalon guesthouse north moderate 4 yes no 01223353071 cb43pd 62 gilbert road are the available options
4 surprise me ! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on friday	you are booked into the avalon which is moderately priced there were no guesthouses in the expensive range your reference number is wspnwzi0
5 great thank you for help that is all i need today	thank you for using our services have a great stay !
6 thanks a lot hope to really enjoy my stay	so do i ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello there ! i am looking for a restaurant that specializes in swedish food	what area would you like ?
2 any	there is no swedish restaurant would you like to change your query ?
3 how about asian oriental ?	charlie chan has cheap chinese food located on regent street city centre phone 01223 361763
4 do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental ?	there is the yippee noodle bar would you like the address ?
5 yes please and the phone number as well thank you	the address is 40428 king street city centre and the phone number is 01223 518111
6 excellent that is all i needed have a good evening and thank you !	thank you for using our system goodbye !

#train#
1 can you help me find a train please ?	sure ! where are you headed ?
2 i am headed to cambridge this week	where are you leaving from please ?
3 i will leave from leicester	what day would you like to leave ?
4 friday is preferable	there are trains running from leicester to cambridge every hour from 5:09 to 23:09 on friday did you have a particular time in mind ? would you like to book tickets ?
5 i d like whichever arrives by 16:15 please	tr6247 leaves leicester at 14:09 friday and arrives in cambridge at 15:54 will that work for you ?
6 that will be fine book for 3 people	alright booking was successful your reference number is 87mi5ovy
7 thanks for your help that s all i need	you re welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking ?	there are two matching results for your needs the ashley hotel and lovell lodge
2 are either in the moderate price range ?	yes they are
3 can you give me the postcode and star rating for lovell lodge and tell me if they have wifi ?	lovell lodge is in postcode area cb41sr and is a 2 star location with free wifi
4 thank you so much ! i appreciate your help today	is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 thats all thank you !	you re very welcome if you need information or reservations we d be happy to assist
6 thanks again for your help have a great day	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food ?	unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications would you like me to look for a different kind of food ?
2 the restaurant should be in the north	the only restaurants in the north serve asian oriental chinese european french indian or italian food would you like to change to one of those ?
3 tell me about the indian restaurants in the north then please ?	there are two indian restaurants the nirala and royal spice the royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range
4 can you book me a table for two at the royal spice ?	what day would you like this reservation to be available for ?
5 i need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
6 yes can you look for something in the same area and price range please ?	i can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria this is the only other place to eat in that area reference number is w6mfu6xd
7 that is perfect thank you for all the help !	thank you for using our system !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west	graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west that is available
2 what kind of foods do they serve there ? and i would like an address and the postal code as well please do you also have reviews of graffiti from locals ?	graffiti serves british food the postcode is cb30lx the address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road reviews are not available in our database
3 okay thank you for your time	thank you ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking for information on michael house cafe	the michael house cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre would you like me to make you a reservation ?
2 yes please for a party of 7 on friday at 17:15	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : alcpca3p is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that will be all thank you very much	you re welcome enjoy your day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel near the mall the hotel should has free indoor parking even it doesn t include internet	ok there are several hotels with parking available what specific area of town are you wanting ?
2 i want to be in the area with the mall which hotel is the closest to the mall ?	that would be in the centre of town i have two options for you gonville hotel and university arms hotel would you like more info on one of those ?
3 do either of those hotels have free wifi ?	both the gonville and the university arms have free wifi and free parking would you like to make a reservation at one of those ?
4 i will try booking at the gonville for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday	sure you re all set your reference number is h8omgip5 may i help with anything else ?
5 no i think that covers it thank you very much	you are welcome have a good day

#restaurant#
1 may have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	there are two restaurants in the south part of town and in the moderate price range what kind of food would you like ?
2 i don t care	restaurant alimentum is the other moderate priced restaurant in the south of town
3 is there anything else ?	pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 what is the postcode ?	my apologies the postcode is c.b 1 7 dy is there anything else i could help you with today ?
5 that is it thank you	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 could you please get me a train ?	sure i can help you find a train where are you needing to go and where are you coming from ? what time do you need to leave by ?
2 i am leaving leicester and i need to leave by 20:30	what is your destination and day of travel ?
3 cambridge and on friday can i just get the travel time for the train ? thanks !	the first train leaving after 20:30 is 21:09 and the travel time is 105 minutes
4 that sounds perfect thank you for your help	would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no that s ok i ll get my tickets at the station i just needed information	can i assist you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all thanks	i m sorry i think i misunderstood you you want to leave before 20:30 you should book tr2602 leaving at 20:09 travel time is 105 minutes
7 thank you for correcting that for me have a god day	thanks for using cambridge towninfo centre today and enjoy your weekend !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called warkworth house	i have found the warkworth house located in the east it is 4 stars and is in the moderate price range may i book it for you ?
2 yes please i need a reservation for 5 nights starting wednesday there will be 4 people	i am sorry but warkworth house is fully booked may i look for another hotel for you in the east area ?
3 can you find me another hotel in the same price range as the warkworth house ?	i show two hotels in the moderate price range would you like more details on them ?
4 yes thank you and the reference number	they are both guesthouses in the east four star would you prefer the one with our without parking ?
5 either is fine i just need the reservation for wednesday	great ! you re booked at a and b guest house with reference number ze1obrft may i help with anything else ?
6 thank you that is all i need	enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 hello ! can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town ?	would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 it doesn t matter	restaurant alimentum is a nice restaurant serving modern european food in the moderate price range and is located in the south
3 may i have their address please ?	their address is 152 - 154 hills road
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn t need to have free internet	i have the alpha-milton guest house in the north that does not include free wifi would you like for me to book a reservation for you ?
2 i should have told you i am specifically looking for a hotel and not a guest house	i have no hotels in the north that don t include wifi but i have found 2 that do
3 can you find a guesthouse for me ?	yes there are many when should i book it for and how many ?
4 book for 3 nights for 3 people starting sunday please	i am a bit confused did you want a guesthouse or a hotel ? if you want a hotel i can book the ashley hotel for you
5 yes if i can get into a hotel in the north that would be best	okay i ve booked you into the ashley and your reference number is 420x4n75
6 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay well enjoy your stay in cambridge

#restaurant#
1 am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the south and should serve gastropod food	i m sorry there aren t any gastropubs in the south part of town if you re open to other areas there are three in the centre and one in the east ?
2 how about a cheap chinese one in the south ?	i have one place that would be good for you would you like me to start booking ?
3 yes that would be great thanks ! it ll be 7 people dining on friday at 11:30 and can i have a reference number for it ?	you are booked at the lucky star the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : exu13zfq can i help further ?
4 no thank you so much !	thanks so much for using cambridge towninfo centre have a great time !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel called avalon can you help ?	certainly ! the avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the northend it offers free wifi would you like the phone number or address ?
2 i would actually like to book rooms for 8 people can i do that ?	absolutely ! what day do you want to book it for and for how many days ?
3 this tuesday for 5 days	i am sorry booking was unsuccessful for that time can i help you find another place to stay ?
4 i guess can you find me another hotel similar to the avalon ?	there are lots of other guesthouses that are similar what price would you like to pay ?
5 i would like to stay in the same price range as the avalon	would you like me to book acorn guest house ?

#restaurant#
1 hi ! i need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre	there are 15 restaurants in the centre that serve cheap food what type of food do you want ?
2 no preference please recommend any one of those restaurants	how about dojo noodle bar it is on the cheap side and located in the centre
3 sure can you try and book a table for wednesday at 12:15 ? there are 5 people	i m sorry but there are no available tables at that time would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 yes what other restaurants are in the same area in price range ?	there are 15 such restaurants how about the j restaurant ? it also serves asian oriental food would that work ?
5 any place i can get in to will be fine in that are	okay i will make reservation for j restaurant is available

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from cambridge	certainly where is your destination ?
2 my destination is norwich	there are 133 trains do you have a day and time you d like to travel ?
3 i need to leave saturday after 17:00	i have one leaving cambridge at 17:36 and arriving in norwich at 18:55 would you like to book it ?
4 what is the train id and price ?	the train id is tr4018 and the cost of the journey will be 14.08 pounds
5 that s everything i needed to know thanks	you re welcome have a great day !

#train#
1 looking for atrain leaving on tuesday to cambridge	i found 202 trains matching your request where is your destination ?
2 that s a lot i am going to peterborough	are you wanting to arrive in peterborough by a certain time ?
3 the train should leave after 15:30 and should go to peterborough	there are several trains that fit your requirements is there a specific time you d like to arrive ?
4 no i can arrive at anytime	train id tr9561 price 16.50 pounds reference number is : yyf3b1a5
5 ok great thanks for the help	you are quite welcome do you need any further assistance ?
6 no that is all good bye	thank you so much for calling goodbye now !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food	there are no restaurants serving scottish food would you like to try something else ?
2 yes how about modern european food ?	eraina is a great european eatery what other information can i provide to you ?
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 368786 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you	thanks enjoy !

#train#
1 i need a train into cambridge on wednesday please	i can certainly find one for you can you tell me where you will be departing from ?
2 sure i m leaving from cambridge	you re leaving from cambridge going to cambridge ?
3 no i need to leave from leicester and arrive in cambridge i also need to arrive by 10:15	tr7703 will depart leicester wednesday at 8:09 arriving in cambridge by 9:54 would you like to book a ticket ?
4 yes i would like to book a ticket on tr7703 for wednesday morning thank you	booking was successful the total fee is 37.79 gbp payable at the station reference number is : kw6zo219 is there anything else i can help with ?
5 okay great thank you for your help	okay great i am glad i could be of help !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food	i m sorry we don t have any expensive turkish restaurants
2 how about a moderate one ?	anatolia and efes restaurant are both moderately priced turkish restaurants and both are in the centre of town would you like an address or phone number for one of them ?
3 yes address and phone number for anatolia	anatolia is at 30 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223 362372 can i get you any further information ?
4 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is anatolia is c.b 2 1 uj
5 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre	you could try the yippee noodle bar which is asian oriental and priced moderately it is located at 40428 king street city centre
2 that sounds great can i get a postcode ? thanks !	the postcode is cb21rq would you like me to make a reservation ?
3 i m not ready to book yet thanks i will give you a call back goodbye	alright sounds good i look forward to your call

#hotel#
1 are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi or do you have to go to other parts of town for that ?	which has free wifi ?
2 the hotel should include free wifi	there are twelve options fitting your description sir what price range are you interested in ?
3 the hotel should have a star of 3 and doesn t need to have free parking	how about hamilton lodge ? it looks lovely
4 perfect what s the price range and postcode ?	it is moderately priced and the postcode is cb41da
5 thank you that will be all good bye	you are welcome thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a particular hotel please	we have many hotels to choose from is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in ?
2 i don t know but i do know the name of the hotel it s the lensdield hotel i must book that exact hotel it is important	i have found the lensfield hotel located on 53-57 lensfield road would you like to book now ?
3 yes for the weekend	to make sure i get the booking right by the weekend you mean you want to stay for two nights starting saturday ? and how many people will be staying ?
4 no i want to book starting on wednesday for 2 people for 2 nights	i m sorry but i was unable to book for those nights would you like to try a different hotel ?
5 yes please try to make a reservation in the same price range	you are booked into express by holiday inn cambridge which is in the expensive price range you wanted the reference number is ic7aaxp6 is there anything else ?
6 no that s it ! i appreciate your help !	no problem have a nice stay bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town
2 can you give me the address and phone number ?	their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
3 wonderful thank you for your help	thank you for using our system ! have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town ?	may i suggest royal spice a cheap indian restaurant in the north ?
2 is there anything else ?	da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restraunt in the north area of town
3 what is the address and phone number ?	da vinci pizzeria is at 20 milton road chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately-priced place to eat	excellent we have over 31 possible choices do you have a location or cuisine preference ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town	i have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement what type of food are you looking for ? or would you like my recommendation ?
3 can you give me your recommendation please	restaurant one seven serves british cuisine would you like me to book this for you ?
4 sure can you book it for 2 people on saturday at 11:30 ?	no i m sorry i can t book that would you like to try another resturant ?
5 okay how about another place in the same area and price range ?	yippee noodle bar was able to be booked the reference number is 0y6k4af7
6 thanks so much that will be all i need today have a nice day bye	you are very welcome thank you for contact cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range	i have found 4 restaurants that serve chinese food which area would you be looking to dine in ?
2 the centre	i found the jinling noodle bar would you like me to book ?
3 yes please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday	i am sorry they don t have an open table at that time i can book a table at lan hong house
4 is that in the same area and price range i really want to make sure	yes it is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is g43tc012
5 thanks so much	you re welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that is everything i needed today	thank you for using our service today

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced hotel	i have many options for you is there a certain area of town you re interested in ?
2 no that doesn t matter but i need a hotel with free parking	sure there are 14 choices that meet your needs do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse ?
3 it doesn t matter i would like for the hotel to have free wifi	alright how does the archway house sound ?
4 can they accommodate a party of 8 for 2 nights beginning saturday ?	yes they can ! your booking was successful and your reference number is 3o4m8zsu is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 that s everything i needed thank you	you re welcome have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi	i am sorry but i am not finding any hotels that fit your needs
2 what about an expensive 4 star hotel ?	i have two for you to choose from i have the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and the university arms hotel in the centre of town
3 does either one have free parking ?	yes they both offer free parking and are expensive four star hotels would you prefer the centre area or the west area ?
4 i guess the centre can you reserve 2 nights starting saturday ? there are 8 of us	unfortunately neither location can accommodate your request would you like to try for a different length length of time ?
5 yes is either one available for just one night ?	the marriott worked your reference number is nnft47mw
6 thank you that is all i need toodles	have a fun stay bye

#train#
1 hi i am looking for a train that goes to cambridge on saturday can you help me ?	there are 5 trains departing from london kings cross station to cambridge on saturday each will take 51 minutes is there a specific time you would prefer to depart ?
2 i would like to leave after 12:00	there is a train leaving london kings cross for cambridge at 13:17 on saturday would you like me to book it ?
3 yes i will need to be on that train	okay how many tickets would you like ?
4 i need 8 tickets	your booking was successful the total fee is 151.04 gbp and the booking number is x1nec9s5 thank you again
5 actually i need to depart from kings lynn not kings cross can you change that please ?	tr7178 departs from kings lynn to cambridge saturday at 13:11 arriving cambridge at 13:58 would you like to book this one ?
6 yes please book 8 tickets for that train may i please have the reference number ?	your reference number is pohlz4ey and 62.72 gbp will be due at the station the train leaves kings lynn at 13:11 can i further assist you ?
7 no thank you that is all	you are welcome have a nice day bye

#hotel#
1 i need to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi	there are 21 hotels that meet your needs would you like to narrow it down by area or price range ?
2 i ll definitely need something on the cheap side	i have at least two properties matching your requirements and both are considered 4 star hotels would you like me to book one of them ?
3 are either of them located on the south side of the city ?	yes two of them are aylesbray lodge guest house and rose s bed and breakfast
4 okay please book 4 nights for 4 starting tuesday	which hotel would you prefer me to book ?
5 rose s bed and breakfast	booking was successful.reference number is : mcckyp80
6 thank you ! i don t require any further help	sounds great ! have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the centre area	would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel ?
2 it doesn t matter but it should have free wifi	i have over 33 options with wifi in the center of town do you have a price range you would prefer ?
3 do any of them have a zero star rating ?	i booked your hotel here is your conformation codeyi2wguqa
4 thank you and the address please ?	the address is sleeperz hotel station road is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you good bye	thank you for calling enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 where in the east can i find a restaurant that serves venetian food ?	i m sorry there are no results for a venetian restaurant in the east would you like to try a different area ?
2 i prefer the east but i am open to other areas of town	do you want me to look at the center of the town ?
3 yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there	no there are not want to try a different restaurant type ?
4 how about indian food ?	i have 9 restaurants in the cetre that are indian do you have a price range ?
5 i would like expensive	there are five expensive indian places in the centre but i recommend panahar would you like more info or a booking ?
6 i m sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive indian restaurant in the east ? it would be more convenient	there are five would you like me to book you one ?
7 yes book one of the expensive indian places in the east please	which day would you like to dine ?
8 i would like to go on monday at 18:00 please	i would love to help ! how many people ?
9 it will be a party of 6	none of the restaurants were available for that time would you like me to try a different time ?
10 yes please try 17:00	thanks very much
11 thank you also could i receive the reference number for the reservation please ?	i ve booked you a table at pipasha restaurant the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is miro0qrd anything else i can help with ?
12 no thanks that s everything	you re welcome please let us know if there s anything else we can help you with

#restaurant#
1 i want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food	i found no restaurants serving danish food in the expensive price range
2 asian oriental	kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range would you like their address ?
3 what is the phone number and area ?	the phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 and they are located in the centre of town
4 thank you ! goodbye !	you re very welcome thanks for calling us goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for the price range and address of the meze bar restaurant	they are in the expensive price range and their address is 196 mill road city centre can i help you with anything else ?
2 no that is all the info i needed thanks	alright you re quite welcome ! enjoy your time in town !

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	grafton hotel restaurant is a nice restaurant that serves british food and is in the east part of town
3 can i have their address and post code please	sure their address is grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 p.a
4 thank you for the help good bye	you re welcome enjoy !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant	what kind of food are you interested in ?
2 french food	there are expensive french restaurants in the centre and north areas of town do you have a preference for location ?
3 i don t care	how about cote which is in the expensive price range and serves french food ?
4 i really have no desire for cote are there other restaurants available ?	you could also try restaurant two two
5 ok i will try this one i would like the address and phone number please	restaurant two two address is 22 chesterton road chesterton and the phone is 01223351880 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 no thank you	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 is there any expensive restaurants in town serving australian food ?	i m sorry there are no australian restaurants would you like another type of food ?
2 how about asian oriental food ?	kymmoy is an expensive asian oriental restraunt in town
3 what is the phone number and area ?	kymmoy is in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223 311911 may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you i have all i need goodbye !	you re welcome thanks for your call ! goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an australian place to dine in i need it to be cheap	i m sorry there aren t any cheap australian restaurants in town would you like me to look for a different restaurant type ?
2 are there any that have asian oriental food ?	there is a very nice and cheap asian restaurant called wise buddha here is the address and phone number
3 could you book me a table for 4 on friday at 14:00 ?	there was no wise buddha restaurant sorry i booked a table for 4 at j restaurant reference number is wpa3iy8c i think you ll like it anything else ?
4 no that should do it thanks for the help !	glad to be of assistance have a great day ! bye

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and i don t care about the price range	i have found 3 la mimosa the gardenia and shiraz restaurant
2 none of those really interest me do you have anything else ?	shiraz restaurant is an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food and is the city centre
3 okay what is the address and phone number of shiraz please ?	shiraz restaurant is located at 84 regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 307581 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant serving english food	no restaurant matching your description have been found
2 how about find me a turkish one ?	there is one expensive turkish restaurant in town: meze bar restaurant
3 great ! where is it located ?	it s in the centre of town the address is 196 mill road city centre
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train on tuesday out of kings lynn	what time of day would you like to leave ?
2 i want to leave on tuesday	do you have a time you d like to leave ?
3 i d like to leave after 9:30	is that 9:30 am or pm ?
4 looking for a train tuesday leaving kings lynn after 9:30 to go to cambridge	i m sorry i m not seeing any trains for that time would you like to try another time or a different route ?
5 no i d like a train leaving after 09:30 departing from kings lynn and going to cambridge please take another look ?	there are no trains running at this time can i narrow your search in any way ?
6 wow...no i really needed that time i guess not thanks anyway	i do have a train living at 10:11 of that would work for you
7 yes that works please book for two people thanks for checking again	it s my pleasure you re booked with reference hxg3n56o the total fee is 19.6 gbp payable at the station may i help with anything else ?
8 perfect thank you for your help have a great day bye	thank you for using our service goodbye
9 have a nice day	booking was successful the total fee is 19.6 gbp payable at the station reference number is : hxg3n56o

#hotel#
1 can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting friday at the express by holiday inn in cambridge	i can certainly help you with that the express by holiday inn is a great choice so can you confirm that was friday for 2 people 2 nights ?
2 actually i change my mind i can arrange the booking myself can you just let me know if they offer free wifi ?	yes they do have internet
3 thank you for all your help today	you re welcome please contact us if you would like us to make the reservation instead

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for some info on india house	india house is a restaurant located at 31 newnham road newnham on the west side of town is this the place you are referring to ?
2 that sounds right could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on friday ?	i apologize but the booking was unsuccessful can we try another day or time ?
3 can you try for 17:00 instead ?	booking was successful for that time ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes here is your reference number: 6bci3xf8
4 great ! thanks for your help that s all i need	great ! have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 are there any lebanese restaurants in the city ?	ali baba is a nice lebanese place in the centre
2 can i have the phone number please	their phone number is 01462 432565 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town	the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range
2 no not that one i d like to know if there s anything else please	i would recommend pipasha restaurant a nice indian restaurant in the east
3 i would like to know the address and phone number of pipasha restaurant and the type of food they serve	the address is at newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 577786 the restaurant serves indian food
4 thanks for the info !	you re very welcome

#hotel#
1 can you tell me about a nice guest house in your city ? i don t care how much it costs	there is the acorn guesthouse that is located in the north side of town would you like me to make a booking ?
2 are they expensive ? i would like something nice and do they have free parking ?	they re a moderate guesthouse with free wifi and parking would you like to book a room ?
3 please check for something expensive first if you don t see one then we can come back to that	it looks like all of the places in the expensive price range are hotels rather than guesthouses would you like to consider a different price range ?
4 yeah that s fine oh and i need free parking !	so to clarify you need a guesthouse with free parking and a moderate price range is acceptable ? if so i have 12 different options for you
5 yes that s right which of the 12 options would you recommend ?	how about archway house ? it s at 52 gilbert road cb43pe and the phone number is 01223575314 would that work for you ?
6 that s great please make a reservation for 1 on monday i d like to stay 3 nights	your booking was unsuccessful would you like another day or a shorter stay
7 yes would you try 2 nights instead please ?	booking was successful reference number is : jakci7jo is there anything else we can help you with today ?
8 no that s all thanks bye !	i hope you have a great rest of the day

#restaurant#
1 i m wanting to find a restaurant the location i want is the west and i want something in the moderate price range can you help me ?	certainly ! there are 3 options for moderately priced restaurants in the west: british indian or italian do you have a preference ?
2 could i have the phone number for the indian restaurant ?	yes the phone number for the meghna restaurant is 01223727410 what other information would you like ?
3 that s all that i needed thank you	you re welcome ! have a great day ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a guesthouse rental that has free parking	sure we have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking do you have a price range you re looking for or some part of town you want to stay in ?
2 i would like in the cheap price range in the west	i found one guesthouse that meets that criteria it is finches bed and breakfast would you like me to book it for you ?
3 book it for me and i need the address,thank you	the address is 144 thornton road i need to know when your stay is going to be and for how many please ?
4 4 people starts from saturday 4 nights	i am sorry but finches bed and breakfast is solidly booked do you want me to search for another guesthouse ?
5 yes please another hotel in the same price range if possible	i am not finding any other cheap places to stay in the west maybe a better price point ? moderate or expensive maybe ?
6 how about cheap in any area please ?	okay i was able to get you into the alexander bed and breakfast in the city center and the reference number is qw52l6ex
7 great thank you very much for your help !	so glad we were able to get you booked have a great day good-bye !

#hotel#
1 i want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking	there are 21 guesthouses with free parking are you looking for a particular price range or location ?
2 i want at least 4 stars rating are any of them 4 starts ?	there are 16 that have a 4-star rating is there a particular price range you are looking for ?
3 no just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting sunday	i need to narrow the search what area do you want to stay in ? do you prefer moderate or cheap ?
4 i prefer to stay in a moderate area	i have 9 guesthouse in the moderate range with free parking and 4 stars the archway house is nice on the north side
5 sounds good please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday	booking was unsuccessful want to try aylesbray lodge guest house ?
6 yes let s try that one please	ok that is all set thank you !

#attraction#
1 i m looking for some architecture to visit what are my options ?	all architecture is in the centre of town your options are all saints church great saint mary s church holy trinity church little saint mary s church and old schools
2 how about all saints ? and could i have a postcode please ?	all saints church s postcode is cb58bs is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that should be all ! thanks !	we hope you enjoy your visit thank you for contacting us
4 thank you goodbye	if you need anything else let us know

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay with free wifi	i ve found plenty of places with free wi-fi is there a certain area you re looking for ? or a certain price range ?
2 it should have a star of 3 and include free parking	i found 5 hotels with free wifi and free parking is there a particular area or price range you prefer ?
3 i m looking for a hotel in the west with a moderate price range	i have found no places in the west in the moderate price range with 3 stars do you have a different area or price range you would like ?
4 it doesn t have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free parking please suggest one for me	the gonville hotel is an 3 star expensive hotel in the centre of town that has free internet and free parking would you like me to book it for you ?
5 yes i d like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting thursday and i would like a reference number	there is no availability at the gonville hotel for those dates would you like me to find another hotel ?
6 yes please look for any hotels in the same price range	i actually found the hobsons house which is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse with free parking in the west part of town would it be okay ?
7 yes that would be fine the hobsons house sounds good	your booking was successful and the reference number is iygohwcr is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 thank you so much for your help	you are welcome enjoy your stay

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi	do you have a price range or a specific area ?
2 i would like to be in the west and it would be great if it was an expensive hotel	the huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria shall i book a room for you ?
3 yes please for this weekend.thank you	ok for how many people and how long is your stay going to be ?
4 there will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from tuesday	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place ?
5 yes as long as the hotel is in the expensive price range please try booking it	i was able to book university arms hotel reference number is pfyqxylu
6 thank you that s everything i need	okay glad i could be of help

#hotel#
1 yes i d like to book three nights for three people at the worth house hotel	what day will you be checking in ?
2 i would be arriving sunday	ok the booking was successful your reference number is m15zt8qm
3 thank you that s all i need	you are welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town i need the address phone number and type of food	there are five expensive restaurants available in the south part of the city mexican italian indian and two chinese restaurants are available what type of food would you like ?
2 mexican will be fine could i have the address and phone please ?	chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2g cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at pizza express fen ditton please	would you like to book a reservation at pizza express ?
2 what is the price range of pizza express ?	pizza express fen ditton is in the moderate price range
3 what is the food type at pizza express ?	it is italian food
4 okay thank you	would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no thank you !	alright let me know if there is anything else i can help you with

#restaurant#
1 hi is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat ?	yes there is rice boat is an indian restaurant in the west would you like to book a table ?
2 yes please ! i d like a table on sunday for 5 people at 20:00	i m sorry but that time is unavailable is there another time you would like ?
3 could you try booking for 19:00 instead ?	booking was successful for 19:00 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes your reference number is : bl1dl1zo can i do anything else for you ?
4 that is all ! thank you for your help !	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i need a south restaurant with some greek food	is there a specific price range you are looking for ?
2 no any price range is fine	i m sorry but there are no greek restaurants in the south part of town
3 how about italian ?	frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town would you like their location ?
4 phone number and postcode please	the postcode is c.b 1 7 d.y and the phone number is 01223 412430
5 thank you goodbye	okay thank you
6 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 yes can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me	yes i found it what information would you like ?
2 can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 20:00 please	alright your table will be booked for that time
3 thank you may i get a reference number ?	i m sorry but the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 yes in the same area and price range i ll need a reference number too	i booked a table at the good luck chinese food takeaway your reference number is mdk9a3pr the restaurant is at 82 cherry hinton road will that be all ?
5 thank you that will be all have a great day !	thank you

#restaurant#
1 can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food ?	sorry but there are no fusion restaurants in the area did you want to try a different type of restaurant ?
2 european then	what area are you looking for ?
3 moderately priced european food i will also need the address and postcode	i have found five restaurants serving european food four in the centre area and one in the south do you have a preference of area ?
4 if they are all moderately priced i do not care price is more important than location	galleria serves moderately priced european food their address is 33 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 u.w
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive	i apologize i have no greek restaurant that is moderately expensive or moderate or expensive is that is what you intended would you like another cuisine type ?
2 please try one that serves turkish food	meze bar restaurant is available
3 can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on monday ?	i ve reserved a table for you anything else ?
4 yes can i please get the reference number ?	of course i m so sorry that i didn t provide that earlier your reference number is ba8fs8z5 do you need any other assistance today ?
5 no thanks for your help bye	you are welcome have a nice meal bye

#restaurant#
1 looking for a restaurant in the east side of town	it looks like there are 9 restaurants in the east side of town do you have a preference for the price range ?
2 yes expensive restaurant please	grafton hotel restaurant is in the expensive price range and located in the east part of town
3 may i have the address and phone number please ?	grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 241387 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes i d like the postcode too please	the post code for the grafton hotel restaurant is c.b 5 8 pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 that is all thank you	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train out to london liverpool street on saturday	what time do you need to leave on saturday ?
2 i d like to leave sometime after 16:15 leaving from cambridge	the first train after 16:15 tr8824 leaves at 17:59 shall i book it for you ?
3 can you tell me how much that will cost and how long the journey is ?	yes it will cost 13.28 pounds and take approximately 88 minutes would you like me to book it for you ?
4 not at this time thank you for everything !	sure let me know if you need anything else
5 okay thank you	you re quite welcome ! thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#attraction#
1 are there any colleges i could visit ?	is there a specific area you looking for ?
2 no which one do you recommend ?	there are no colleges in the area how else may i help ?
3 there are no colleges in all of cambridge ? i don t believe that is true	i m sorry my system went down for a minute i can recommend churchill college in the west and it s free !
4 that sounds perfect thank you for all your help today that s all i need goodbye	good bye

#hotel#
1 i am look for a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and it should include free parking	we have 14 places that are moderately priced with parking do you want any particular area ?
2 the area isn t important but i d like to stay in a guesthouse if possible	i think the bridge guest house would be perfect for you would you like to make a reservation ?
3 does it have free wifi ?	yes it does have free internet
4 okay great ! i would like to book a room please there will be 3 of us	for how many days and when would you be coming ?
5 tuesday 5 nights reference number please	of course ! you re booked with reference number 7bwsfbyx may i assist with anything else ?
6 no that will be all thanks very much	thank you have a good stay goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend i don t need internet or free parking	how about the avalon ?
2 the avalon sounds good what is the address ?	the avalon is located at 62 gilbert road cb43pd would you like me to book this for you ?
3 no i don t need to book right now but thanks that s all for today goodbye	okay goodbye have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town	it doesn t look like there are any restaurants of that type would you like to try a different cuisine ?
2 do you have any indian restaurants ?	yes we have nine indian restaurants in the center of town do you have a preference in price range ?
3 i actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the moderate price range	the cow pizza kitchen and bar would be perfect for you ! would you like for me to book you a table ?
4 are there any other options for gastropub ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is the only gastropub in all of cambridge
5 in that case could you give me the address and phone number ?	i sure can the address is corn exchange street and the phone number is 01223308871 can i help you with anything else today ?
6 no that s all thank you	thank you for calling us today goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food ?	what area are you interested in ?
2 i do not care what area it is in	there are no cheap belgian restaurants would you like to change your query ?
3 how about a cheap restaurant serving italian food ?	da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town is there anything else i can help you with ?

#train#
1 i am looking for a train for three people from the stansted airport to arrive by 12:45 i need to leave on thursday and go to cambridge	what time would you like to leave by ?
2 i don t care when i leave i just want to arrive by 12:45	there is one that leaves at 11:24 on thursday would you like me to book that for you ?
3 yes that would work i need 3 tickets please	your 3 tickets are booked the reference number is c3vmmp9m and the total fee of 30.29 gbp is payable at the station
4 thank you so much that is it for today	glad i could help hope you have a great day
5 you as well goodbye	good bye and enjoy your visit

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called prezzo	prezzo is an italian restaurant in the west their phone number is 01799521260 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
2 yes please 4 people at 11:00 on friday can you please provide me with the reference number ?	you booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : wyzgxovq
3 thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 hi there i heard someone mention the bloomsbury restaurant and i was wondering if you could give me some information for them	sure the bloomsbury is located at crowne plaza hotel 20 downing street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively is there anything else you need ?
2 i d like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on sunday	your table for 6 at 11:00 on sunday at bloomsbury is reserved (reference #7354c6cl) is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 no that s all i need thanks for your help	you are welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced scottish restaurant	i m so sorry but it seems that i don t show any that will suit what you are looking for would you like to try a different price range or type ?
2 i am looking for something in centre of town then	yes i have many moderately priced venues in the center of town serving british food if you like
3 i am not looking for british i am looking for scottish food	i m sorry but there are no moderately priced scottish restaurants in town would you like a different type of food ?
4 yes could you look for a spanish restaurant instead ?	there is la tasca they are located at 14 -16 bridge street would you like to book it ?
5 yes please could you give me a table for tuesday at 12:00 for 2 people please	i ve booked your reservation is there anything else you need ?
6 can i have a reference number please ?	yes it s xxnq81ie
7 thank you have a lovely day	thank you too good bye

#hotel#
1 i m hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay	we have many options are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse ?
2 i would prefer a guesthouse also i would need free parking	i have 33 results is there a specific area you prefer ?
3 i d prefer something on the west side of town	i have hobsons house on the west side in the moderate range it has 3 stars and internet and parking would you like to book that one ?
4 that sounds good,please book that one for me	for how many and what dates ?
5 eight people two nights from thursday	booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try a different hotel ?
6 yes the same price range	in the area of west there is only one guest house in the moderate price range do you want me to search a different area ?
7 yes you can check any area please	i have 12 in the moderate price range would you like me to try the aylesbray lodge guest house ?
8 yes please book for me then me the reference number	okay that was successful and your booking number is jp9dvktj
9 thank you for all your help	you re welcome will you be needing anything else today ?
10 no i have everything i need	great ! thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for information for the kirkwood house can you help me ?	i would love to help ! this is a guesthouse located in the north it is moderately priced and has a four star rating any thing else ?
2 does the kirkwood house have free parking and wifi ?	yes kirkwood house has both internet and parking available would you like help booking a room ?
3 i m not sure about that maybe i could just get their phone number from you ?	the phone number for the kirkwood house is 01223306283 may i assist you with anything else today ?
4 no that s all i need today thanks	okay glad i could be of help

#restaurant#
1 please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food	i m not finding any restaurants that match your request would you like to try a different price range or food type ?
2 european food ?	there are four restaurants that serve european food what part of town would you like ?
3 i don t care where it is	eraina in the centre is an expensive european restaurant would you like further information ?
4 what is the price range ?	they are in the expensive price range
5 what is the address phone number and area ?	eraina is in the centre of town located at free school lane city centre their number is 01223 368786 is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 that ll do thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !
7 thank you good bye	you are welcome enjoy your stay good bye

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for a place to go can you help me ?	i have found 79 place for you do you have any specific ideas in mind ?
2 what attraction types do you have in the west ?	there are mostly colleges and museums in the west would you be interested in one of those ?
3 sure can you recommend one to me and give me the address and type ?	clare college is a college it is located on trinity lane post code cb21tl
4 great ! thank you for all of your help	you re quite welcome ! will that be all for today ?
5 you have helped with what i needed thank you goodbye !	thank you and enjoy your visit

#restaurant#
1 a north part of town restaurant	do you have a price range preference ? we have several restaurants in the north part of town
2 i do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food	there is a fairly cheap indian restaurant named royal spice in the north part of town
3 what is the address and phone number ?	royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 nope that was all i needed thank you bye bye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 hi can you recommend me a good asian restaurant ? something not too expensive ?	there are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town would like information for either of those ?
2 hmm i don t want to scrape the bottom of the barrel maybe something moderate but not too cheap	the yippee noodle bar would be perfect can i book a table for you ?
3 yes that sounds good please book for 4 people on sunday at 11:45	i m sorry they aren t available at that time would you like me to find something else ?
4 how about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced ?	i have booked you at the oak bistro for 4 people on sunday at 11:45 your reference number is 2cg1xx8q is there anytihng else that i can assist with ?
5 nope that will do it thanks !	we hope that you have a great time at the bistro
6 thanks good bye	thank you for calling have a great day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse	there are several guesthouse moderately priced what part of town would you like it ?
2 i am not particular as long as it has free parking and free wifi	i have the arbury lodge guest house on the east side shall i reserve it for you ?
3 that would be great there will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on saturday for 2 nights	i m sorry i was unable to book that should i try another hotel ?
4 yes one in the same price range	okay i was able to book you at the archway house and your reference number is jm5g0862
5 thanks so much i won t be needing anything else right now bye	okay i m glad i could be of help enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i d like a jamaican restaurant please	there are no jamaican restaurants would you care for another type of food ?
2 alright then how about portuguese ?	there are two nandos city centre as well as nandos in the south part of the city do you have a preference ?
3 may i have the phone number and address for the south location ?	the address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908 can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal ! good bye

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food	what price range and area would you like ?
2 i do not care about the price range or area	i m sorry there are no restaurants that serve fusion food in your area
3 ok how about vietnamese food ?	there is thanh binh in the west area at 17 magdalene street city centre phone number is 01223 362456

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town	there are 2 restaurants in the west part of town in the cheap price range would you like italian or vietnamese food ?
2 italian please ! can you book a table for me for 3 people ? at 12:00 on saturday ?	i was successfully able to book you a table for 3 at 12:00 at la margherita your reference number is 9hcudtjk would you like the address of the restaurant ?
3 no that will be all thanks	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#train#
1 i need help finding a train leaving cambridge after 15:30	i found 623 trains that leave at that time what is your destination ?
2 im going to cambridge	there are no trains leaving cambridge and also going to cambridge did you mean to choose another destination ?
3 the train should leave on friday and should go to leicester	tr0094 leaves at 16:21 on friday can i book it for you ?
4 yes please could you book 8 tickets ?	booking was successful the total fee is 302.39 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 3p7b0d6t
5 thank you for your help	thank you so much have a good day now !
6 thank you good bye	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 i need a restaurant	in what part of town ?
2 east and expensive	there are several restaurant matches in this area would you like british indian gastropub or chinese ?
3 address and phone number for the chinese restaurant	here you go 01223 248882 529 newmarket road fen ditton anything else today ?
4 no this is it thank you	wait how about that british restaurant ? where is it located ?
5 is there a welsh restaurant in the north part of town ?	i am sorry no welsh restaurants in the north part of town
6 thank you good bye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel doesn t need to have free parking and should have a star of 4	what area of town would you like ?
2 preferably the north side of town or somewhere near a shopping center	great i have found several guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels in the north side that are rated 4 stars would you be interested in something like that ?
3 i would prefer a hotel is there one that has free wifi ?	the university arms hotel sounds like something you d like !
4 that sounds great can you give me their address and postcode ?	sure ! the address is regent street and the postcode is cb21ad
5 thanks that s all good bye	welcome again some other time

#restaurant#
1 are there any restaurants that serve international food ?	the missing sock serves international food on the east side and is cheap should i book a table ?
2 i d prefer something in the centre of town if that s an option	the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are both located in the centre of town
3 bloomsbury sounds nice can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on wednesday ?	alright you re all booked would you like the reference number ?
4 yes please could i have it ?	of course it s vb3ghynl anything else ?
5 that s all i need thanks so much for your help	have a great day !

#train#
1 hello i am looking for a train heading to cambridge and i will be departing from kings lynn	the first train leaves on friday at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58 should i book it for you ?
2 no not at this time thank you good bye	thank you enjoy your trip

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for british food i want the restaurant to be in the town centre	sure there are quite a few british restaurants in the centre would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced ?
2 it doesn t matter please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose	how about the copper kettle ? the phone number is 01223365068
3 perfect thank you very much for your help	welcome anything else i can help you with ?
4 no i look forward to dining at the copper kettle thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system enjoy

#hotel#
1 thank you i just happen to be looking for a place to stay the hotel should be located west and it doesn t need to have free parking or anything like that	i have 33 hotels that match your requirements do you have a price range in mind ?
2 i definitely prefer something on the cheap side of things	both finches bed and breakfast and the cambridge belfry might suit you they re cheap but rated 4 stars would you like to book at one of them ?
3 sure but can i think i want one with free parking	they both have free parking,would you like a guesthouse or hotel ?
4 i would like a five star hotel with free parking and breakfast	i can book you at the cambridge belfry hotel it has 4 stars on the west side and is cheap would that be good ?
5 yes thats fine i need it for 4 nights starting monday there will be 5 of us	i m sorry i was unable to book that hotel may i try another one in the same price range for you ?
6 yes please do that	there is the finches bed and breakfast would keep you on the same side of town but it is a guesthouse will this work for you ?
7 yep i think that will work please book it i need a reference number	the finches bed and breakfast was available 4 nights starting from monday for 5 people your reference number is 6vbu1sfi would that work for you ?
8 yes thanks so much that is great	thank you for using our service today

#restaurant#
1 what is that european food place s address ?	i found several places serving european food do you have a preference as to the location ?
2 no any part of town is fine	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food and is located at cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre
3 thank you goodbye	have a great day and enjoy your food

#restaurant#
1 can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre ?	sure there are 9 restaurants to choose from did you have a price range in mind ?
2 i m looking for something on the cheap side please although i d like to get good value for the money	there are three italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range they are pizza hut city centre ask and zizzi cambridge which do you prefer ?
3 any of them will be fine as long as it s cheap i need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please	i would recommend ask as it is a nice place
4 yes please book ask for 4 people at 12:15 on monday	i m sorry but i couldn t book you there how about another restaurant ?
5 yes please same price range as before	okay i was able to get you into the zizzi cambridge and your reference number is gi0fzmkl
6 okay thank you very much for your help	you are welcome enjoy your lunch
7 thank you i will	okay don t hesitate to call us if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south can you tell me what you have ?	sure there is a chinese restaurant and a portuguese restaurant would you like me to book one for you ?
2 does this restaurant serve fusion food ?	no i m sorry either chinese or portuguese
3 that s disappointing can you tell me about the chinese restaurant ?	it s called the lucky star it s at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
4 great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on saturday ?	it isn t available shall i try the portuguese restaurant ?
5 yes that would be fine thanks	your table will be waiting for you your reference number is 6u8pg73h
6 thank you for you help that is all i need	great ! thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town somewhere nice price is no object	there are quite a few restaurants what cuisine would you like ?
2 i would like the restaurant to have indian food	how about curry garden ? it looks great
3 that sounds good i would like to book a table for 2 people on friday at 17:15	sorry the restaurant can t accomodate you want to try another day or time ?
4 i will get back to you thank you for the help	you re welcome i look forward to when you call us again
5 okay until then have a good one goodbye	have a great day goodbye

#train#
1 i need to find a train from ely to cambridge	what day and time would you like to travel ?
2 i would like to leave on monday	when would you like to arrive in cambridge on monday ?
3 i really just need to leave after 15:45 the arrival time doesn t really matter	should i book it for you ?
4 yes for 5 all i would need is the reference number	i have booked 5 tickets for you on tr6645 your reference number is szyj90el what else can i assist with ?
5 thanks for being so helpful ! i appreciate your time i m all set now	you re very welcome i am so glad to have been of service ! have a wonderful day now bye !

#hotel#
1 yes i am looking for a place to stay tonight the hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style ideally i d like one in the moderate price range please	is there a specific area you would like to stay in ? also do you need internet and/or free parking ?
2 i would like one with 4 stars please	there are 11 that match your criteria we can narrow that down a bit would you prefer the north or the east ?
3 any one is fine with me can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting sunday ?	i have you booked at acorn guest house in north starting on sunday for 4 nights for 8 people your reference number is adgsm6si would you like their address ?
4 thank you i will not need their address goodbye	okay thank you for calling

#train#
1 i am looking to book a train	certainly may i ask where you want to depart from ?
2 i would like to leave from the closest station to my location	could you tell me your location which area of town or what business you are departing from ?
3 we are leaving london kings cross and need to do so after 12:45 on friday for 6 people and can i get the reference number for the booking ?	to clarify are you looking for a train to cambridge ? all friday trains from london kings cross go to cambridge
4 i need to depart from london kings cross and go to cambridge	booked ! you leave at 13:17 your reference number is 3wicpfqp you will pay 141.6 at the station
5 okay thank you that is all i need	okay thank you for calling

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food	i m sorry there are no restaurants matching your request would you like to try something else ?
2 how about british food ?	there are several moderately priced restaurants that serve british food do you prefer a particular area of town ?
3 i don t care give me their phone number	cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves british food would you like the phone number ?
4 yes please	the phone number for cotto is 01223 302010 do you need any further assistance ?
5 nope ! thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi can you help me ?	sure thing looks like we have several options here do you want to stay in a certain part of town or do you have a price range you re looking for ?
2 i might but first do they have free parking ?	i have 19 places that meet your needs all with free wifi and free parking if you re not picky about area i recommend the archway house
3 okay sounds great can you give me the address phone number and price range ?	the archway house is in the moderate price range their address is 52 gilbert road the phone number is 01223575314 do you need any other information ?
4 thank you that ll do it for today bye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am trying to find a restaurant serving italian cuisine something expensive please what would you suggest ?	i suggest stazione restaurant and coffee bar italian centre expensive 01223352607 cb23nj market hill city centre
2 what area is that in please ? the format you sent that in is very confusing	that is in the centre of the city
3 okay thank you for the help	thanks for using our services can i help with anything else ?
4 no that was all goodbye	have a great day

#hotel#
1 hi i am looking to get some information on autumn house hotel	what would you like to know ?
2 i d like to know it s address and phone number i d also like to book it for 6 people thursday for 4 nights	the address of the autumn house is 710 newmarket road and the phone number is 01223575122 and i will make that reservation
3 do you have the reference number for that reservation ?	booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another hotel

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food	there are no results matching your query would you like to change your query ?
2 yes how about a restaurant that serves european food ?	de luca cucina and bar is moderately priced and serves modern european food
3 that sounds good can i have the address and postcode please	the address is 83 regent street postcode is c.b 2 1 aw

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food	there is not matching places that fits your request can i help you with something else ?
2 are there any asian oriental restaurants in that price range ?	yes kymmoy is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town
3 thank you may i have their phone number ?	their number is 01223 311911 will that be all today ?
4 yes thank you	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant call the nirala	i m sorry but i do not have a listing for that
2 perhaps you could try searching for "the nirala" ?	yes the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton it s a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north area of town would you like a reservation ?
3 yes could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on saturday	sure your reference number is oy06anhy anything else i can do for you ?
4 that s all i need thank you	thank you for booking with us have a great day

#hotel#
1 i need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3	would you like it to be in a certain area ?
2 i do not have a preference for an area but i would like it to be in the moderate price range and free wifi	i have 3 all guesthouses one is located in the south the other the north and the last in the west
3 i need a hotel not a gueshouse sorry on tuesday for 2 people for 5 nights please i am sorry	in what area please ?
4 any area would be fine	what about the gonville hotel in the centre ?
5 yes please book that and provide me with the reference number	i m sorry that wasn t available shall i try the other one ? it is called the lensfield hotel and you should enjoy your stay there as well
6 yes please as long as it s in the same price range	good news ! the lensfield is available your reservation is for 5 nights starting from tuesday for 2 people the reference number is r36ngmc9
7 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre enjoy your stay

#train#
1 yes i need a train that is leaving from stansted airport on saturday	tr4194 stansted airport cambridge saturday 05:24 05:52 8.08 pounds 28 minutes would you like me to book you on this schedule ?
2 i need to leave after 17:00 and it should go to cambridge	train tr5953 leaves at 17:24 and arrives in cambridge at 17:52 would this work for you ?
3 this works perfectly thank you !	is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 how much would the train ride cost me ?	the train is 8.08 pounds per person
5 can you give me the travel time ?	the travel time is 28 minutes
6 fantastic thank you that should be all	thank you for using this service have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre area would you like their address and phone number ?
2 most definitely	the phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at the corn exchange street can i help you with anything else ?
3 no that is all i need thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

#train#
1 hello i need a train ticket on a train going from cambridge to ely	what day would you like to travel and at what time do you want to leave ?
2 i d like to travel on saturday but i don t want to leave until after 19:30	tr7349 will depart cambridge at 19:50 on saturday arriving in ely at 20:07 will that work ?
3 yes please book a seat for me and can you tell me if there are any african restaurants in ely near the train station ?	your seat has been booked for the tr7349 reference number is er5d744w i can look up african restaurants in cambridge but not ely
4 what is the price and travel time for that train ?	the travel time is 17 minutes and it will cost you 3.52 pounds
5 great that s all the info i needed today thank you	i m happy to be of service enjoy your time in cambridge !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for lodgings that are moderately priced	i ve found several hotels in the moderate price range is there a specific area of town you re looking to stay in ?
2 yes i m looking to stay in the north	i ve found 11 possibilities for you would you prefer a guest house or a traditional hotel ?
3 the hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi	how about the acorn guesthouse ? free wifi and moderate price range
4 i am actually looking for a hotel is the acorn guesthouse listed in that type ?	no it is not how about ashley hotel ?
5 sure book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on monday ?	booking was successful reference number is : wjffgvwd is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that will be all good bye	good bye enjoy your stay

#train#
1 i m looking to book a train that leaves on wednesday after 12:45 if you could help me with this that would be great !	i d be glad to help but i will need a departure site and a destination
2 i ll be going to peterborough from cambridge	i would recommend tr1879 which leaves cambridge at 13:06 and arrives in peterbourough at 13:56
3 i m sorry i had that backwards i need a train that departs from peterborough and goes to cambridge	i have over 20 trains traveling on wednesday for you are you departure and arrival times still correct ?
4 yes they are	i have train tr9545 which departs at 12:48 and will get you into cambridge by 13:38 does that sound like it would work for you ?
5 yes please book it for 1 person and provide the reference number	your booking was successful the reference number is 69yay7yc what else may i help you with ?
6 thanks for the service good day to you !	you re welcome ! please contact us again if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i need a restaurant that serves turkish food	there are two moderately priced turkish restaurants and one expensive one all in centre area do you have a price range preference ?
2 i do not have a preference	anatolia serves turkish food in the moderate price range
3 what is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range ?	efes restaurant do you have any additional questions ?
4 what is the address and price range ?	they are in the moderate price range and the address is king street city centre
5 what is the food type they are good at ?	they serve turkish food
6 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for contacting us

#hotel#
1 yes i am searching for a hotel named the aylesbray lodge guest house ?	i have found the hotel it is in the moderate price range would you like me to book it for you ?
2 yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from thursday	i m sorry i was not able to book aylesbray would you like me to try another hotel ?
3 yes please i want to stay around the moderate price range though !	i have you booked for a and b guest house the reference number is o1uzcjc9 is there anything else you need ?
4 that will be all thank you for your help	thank you for using the service good bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking	do you have a preference on area ?
2 no but i would like a 4-star guesthouse	we have 9 options including home from home guesthouse in the north shall i book it for you ?
3 that sounds good yes please book it for 2 nights starting on tuesday	of course how many people will there be ?
4 3 people only	booking was successful reference number is : cm5sepyo is there anything else i can assist you with ?
5 that is all thank you for your help	you are welcome ! have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i want crossover food at an expensive price can you help ?	i m sorry but we don t have any restaurants meeting that criteria could you please try a different type ?
2 is there something else in the west ?	grafitti has great british food in the west and fits the expensive pricerange you are looking for does this appeal to you ?
3 actually i d prefer a european restaurant	cambridge lodge restaurant has good reviews and serves european food
4 please book for 1 person sunday at 17:45	i m afraid they re full on sunday at 17:45 perhaps another day or another time slot ?
5 how about sunday at 16:45 please for 1 person ?	you are booked for sunday at 16:45 your reference number is 2w56mf47 may i help you with something else ?
6 that s all thanks for the help !	you re welcome ! have a nice day ! goodbye

#hotel#
1 i ve heard some buzz about the hamilton lodge can you tell me about it ?	the hamilton lodge is a good hotel its rated 3 stars and has both internet and parking available it s at a moderate price point their phone number is 01223365664
2 i d like to book this hotel i need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday i require a reference number	i have booked your room the reference number is hjjd56xe
3 thank you very much for your help	thank you and have a great day

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a place to stay in the north side can you recommend anything with at least 2 stars ?	the ashley and the lovell lodge are both 2-star hotels on the north side both are in the moderate price range would you like more information on one of those ?
2 do either of them have free parking are they a type of hotel ?	yes both are hotels with free parking would you like me to book one of them ?
3 no thank you but can you give me the address and phone number for lovell lodge	sure their address is 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no i think that covers everything thanks !	thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called city stop restaurant	i have found the restaurant you are looking for would you like the address ?
2 no i just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number	the restaurant serves european food their phone number is 01223363270 anything else ?
3 that s all thank you !	you re welcome ! have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town	nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town it is in the cheap price range and serves portuguese food
2 is there anything else ? and what is the address and phone number ?	yes there is the lucky star serves chinese food in the cheap price range and in the south part of town its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 327908
3 no that is all thank you !	have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 yeah hi i could use some help finding something priced kind of moderately to stay at this weekend	certainly we have many moderately priced hotels in cambridge what area of town would you like to stay in ?
2 i would like something north i also need free wifi	that narrows it down a bit do you need free parking or is there a particular star rating you d like ?
3 free parking is great but not required the star rating isn t important	we have 10 listings but only 2 of them are hotels rest are guesthouses would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel ?
4 doesn t matter i just need a place with room for a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning thursday	all right i ve booked you a room at the avalon guesthouse the reference number is s6dqrxz2
5 awesome that s all i needed thanks	thank you for contacting the help desk have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are 3 moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town; meghna prezzo and saint johns chop house how else may i assist you ?
2 what is the phone number and address of one of them ?	meghna is located at 205 victoria road chesterton and their number is 01223 727410 is there anything else i can do for you today ?
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye
4 goodbye !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 is there anything cheap in the centre of town ?	do you have a food type preference ?
2 would you have something modern european ?	the river bar steakhouse and grill offers modern european cuisine would you like me to book you a reservation ?
3 can i have their phone number postcode and address please ?	i d be happy to provide you with that information their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are quayside off bridge street cb58aq can i help with anything else ?
4 no that is all you have been very helpful thanks bye	you re welcome have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for vietnamese food i would like the restaurant name and address	there is a vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh at 17 magdalene street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town	do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for ?
2 vietnamese food	thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range
3 phone number and postcode please	thanh binh s phone number is 01223 362456 their postcode is c.b 3 0 a.f
4 thank you good bye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like a restuarant with asian oriental food located in the centre please	the dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre would you like to book at this restaurant ?
2 that sounds perfect i don t need a reservation though	anything else i can do for you ?
3 yes could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant ? phone address and postcode ?	sure the phone 01223363471 address 40210 millers yard city centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar may i help with anything else ?
4 no i think that s all i need thanks !	you re welcome feel free to contact us again if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find an irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining i expect this to be expensive can you give me some options ?	i do not have any expensive irish eateries could we try something else ?
2 any european restaurants ? cost doesnt matter	there are 5 restaurants eraina is available in the centre of town
3 can you recommend me one that s expensive ? and book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on tuesday thanks !	okay i was able to book you at eraina at 14:00 on tuesday for 6 people your reference number is 2ocxgnup
4 thank you so much have a great day !	would you like the address for the restaurant ?
5 nope got everything i need	have a great day !

#attraction#
1 tell me what colleges are in the west side of town	there are 5 colleges on the west side two have free entrance and two cost 2.50 pounds is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 what are the phone numbers for these colleges ?	churchill college s phone number is 01223336233
3 that s it thanks !	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?	the phone number for golden wok is 01223 350688 is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 yes is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north ?	the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north of town and it serves indian food would you like the phone number ?
3 yes i would like their phone number and postcode please	the phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is c.b 4 1 uy
4 thank you nirala sounds good goodbye	you re welcome bye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for a place to go in town	there are many places do you have a particular destination type in mind ?
2 i m looking for a theatre can you recommend one ?	i have four theatre s in the centre and one in the south do yo know which area you would like ?
3 area doesn t matter please choose your favorite and tell me the area and postcode and address if you could	i personally love the mumford theatre its in the centre at anglia ruskin enterprise east road and the postcode is cb11pt will that be all today ?
4 thank you thats all	you are welcome please let us know if you need anything else

#train#
1 i need a not later than 9:15 train to cambridge	it looks like there s a train for cambridge with an arrival time of 07:07 would you like me to book that for you ?
2 yes book me for sunday departing from london kings cross	how many tickets will you require ?
3 8 please	your booking is successful train is leaving at 07:17 and it costs 151.04 gbp your reference number is 5y7xkajy anything else i can help with ?
4 no thank you that s i need !	okay thank you for calling don t hesitate to call us again

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a place that serves moderately priced chinese food	i show dour restaurants that serve chinese food three are located in the centre and one is in the north area they are all moderately priced may i start by offering you the jinling noodle bar ?
2 that sounds great could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this friday please ?	there are no reservations available at that time would you like to try another restaurant ?
3 yes please is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time ?	i have booked a reservation for you at the lan hong house your reference number is bmu049l6 do you need anything else ?
4 no you have been very helpful thank you good bye	good bye have fun !

#hotel#
1 hi ! i would like to find a hotel to stay in i don t care about the parking	i ll be glad to help what area of town are you looking for ?
2 the area is not too important honestly but i would like it to be a hotel and have a 4-star rating	does price matter because i can find you a cheap one or an expensive one ?
3 cheap one please	the cambridge belfry meets your criteria ! would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes please ! book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday	booked ! your reference number is 2cajen22
5 great ! thanks !	you are most welcome is there anything else i can help with ?
6 no thank you that was all goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train leaving after 11:45	ok what are your departure and arrival stations and what day are you traveling ?
2 i ll be leaving stansted airport friday to head toward cambridge	ok i have the first available train leaving at 12:24 and arriving at 12:52 would that train work for you or would you like to leave later than that ?
3 that would work for me can i get a train for 7 people ?	yes you re booked on tr1387 with reference number 78bzsvsw the total fee is 70.7 gbp payable at the station anything else i can help you with ?
4 that is all thank you so much !	okay ! glad i could be of help

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town that serves chinese food
2 what is their address ?	the golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 thank you good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre area	i have 69 places which type of food would you like or price range ?
2 i d like a vegetarian restaurant	unfortunately there are no vegetarian restaurants is there another cuisine you would like to try ?
3 that s disappointing can you try international food instead ?	i have two international restaurants available is there a price range you would like to stay within ?
4 i am looking for something in the moderate price range	the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are in the moderate price range which one would you like ?

#train#
1 i m looking for a train going to cambridge that leaves at 11:30	there are 924 trains leaving by 11:30 what is your departure city ?
2 birmingham new street	i m sorry but the earliest train departing from birmingham new street is 11:40 can i investigate another departure location or time for you ?
3 no thank you	okay have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town could you get me the number and full address please ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223727410 it is located at 205 victoria road chesterton
2 thank you goodbye	enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range	the curry prince restaurant is in the east and is moderately priced their phone is 01223566388
2 thank you for the help	is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on saturday ?	your table is reserved your reference number is u60sc89j may i help you with something else ?
4 would you confirm this is an indian restaurant please ? it sounds like one	yes it is an indian restaurant in the east
5 great that is all i need today thank you	you re welcome thank you so much for calling us today
6 you re welcome and goodbye	have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food	unfortunately i don t happen to show any restaurants specializing in vegetarian food can i try looking for another type of restaurant for you ?
2 yes go ahead how about indian ? they always have vegetarian options i would like it to be moderately priced too	yes sure ! i have quite a few do you have a price range in mind ?
3 i want a moderate price range please	for moderate pricing i have the meghna restaurant in the west it s located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i reserve you a table ?
4 no thanks i d like to give them a call instead what is their phone number ?	the contact number for the meghna is 01223727410 is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 oh yes actually i need the postcode too	of course it s cb43lf can i help you with anything else ?
6 no that is everything thank you for your help	thank you for using our service and i hope you enjoy your meal at meghna goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for mid range spanish restaurants can you help me ?	i have a listing for la tasca in the centre area,can i book you a table there ?
2 sure that sounds like a nice place go ahead and book that for me	what day and time are you looking for ? how many people will be in your party ?
3 i need a table for 6 people sunday night at 17:00	i was unable to find a table at that time would you like to find another restaurant ?
4 can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please ?	there are no other spanish places in that area another area or type perhaps ?
5 any in the same area and price range please	the copper kettle is a british restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range would you like me to book that for you ?
6 okay again for 6 people sunday at 17:00	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 840zvk1r
7 ok that s all i need today thank you !	you re welcome please call again

#attraction#
1 i m in the north area of town and need to get a room to stay in	are you looking for a room or another type of service ?
2 sorry i m actually looking for some type of attraction i can go to up in the north any suggestions ?	i have four different kinds what type would you like ?
3 how about your favorite ? what type is that ?	i really like the riverboat georgina do you need any information about something like this ?
4 yes what type of attraction is this ? also could i get the address and postcode ?	it is a boat the address is cambridge passenger cruisers jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax is there anything else you d like to know ?
5 i think that is all thanks	you re welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre !

#hotel#
1 what can you tell me about the lovell lodge ?	it is a hotel in the north part of town in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating free internet and free parking
2 thanks could you give me the address and phone number ?	no problem the lovell lodge is located at 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nope that s all thank you !	have a good day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range	i found several that fit your request ! what type of food would you like ?
2 no preference can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number ? thanks !	sure how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number would you like a reservation ?
3 no thank you not at this time	the phone number is 01223363471 if you need it is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 nope you gave me everything i wanted to know thanks bye !	okay glad to have helped !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train the train should depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30	there are a number of trains that could work for you do you have a time you d like to arrive by ? or a day of the week you d like to travel ?
2 i m headed to cambridge on tuesday	train tr7307 leaves peterborough at 12:48 tuesday and will arrive at cambridge by 13:38 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 i don t want to book yet but could you tell me the travel time ?	should i book for you ?
4 no i just told you i only want the travel time !	train tr7307 leaves at 12:48 and arrives by 13:38 is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
5 no that s it thanks	alright then thanks for calling & have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with spanish food	la tasca would fit the bill its phone number is 01223 464630
2 can you tell me what area of town it is located ?	la tasca is located in the centre part of town
3 thank you goodbye	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine in the west	yes i have many restaurants to choose from in the west do you have a price range preference ?
2 yes i would like it to be expensive	there are nine restaurants available do you have a food type preference ?
3 no preference on type	graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.would you like the address ?

#hotel#
1 i need a cheap place to stay in the centre	sure we have two guesthouses that fit the 4 star alexander bed and breakfast and the unrated el shaddai would you like to book a room at one ?
2 do either of those include free parking ?	yes they both include free parking
3 then book one doesn t matter which eight people two nights starting wednesday	i was able to book a reservation at el shaddai reference number is : ahyotiab is there anything else you need ?
4 no that is all thanks so much bye	thank you for calling have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	i found several restaurants meeting your criteria would you prefer indian italian or british food ?
2 i have no preference can i get the phone number and address of one ?	meghna serves indian food in the moderate price range and in the west part of town its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you that is all i needed	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 good afternoon i am trying to find an indian restaurant to eat at i would prefer something expensive can you help me ?	there are several indian restaurants to choose from what area of town would you like ?
2 i would like it to be in the center i will need a number address and postcode	the curry garden is good it is located at 106 regent street city centre postcode cb21dp the phone number is 01223302330 would you like me to reserve it ?
3 thank you for all that information yes i would like to make a reservation	great when would you like the reservation and for how many should i reserve it for ?
4 yes i would like a reservation for one please	what day and time would you like to go ?
5 i ve changed my mind i don t want to book it yet can you give me the area address and phone number please ?	certainly curry garden is in the city centre at 106 regent street city centre the phone number is 01223302330 what other information can i get for you ?
6 that s all i need today thanks for your help !	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#attraction#
1 hello i m hanging around town tomorrow due to an appointment and want to do something fun while i m there i ll be on the town centre most of the day	there are plenty of things to do are you interested in museums or architecture ?
2 either or would be fine !	i would suggest architecture as there are several churches in the area do you prefer something with free entry ?
3 i am open to anything can you just pick a church and give me the address and entrance fee ?	sure holy trinity church is free and is located on market street the postcode is cb23nz can i get you any other information today ?
4 that s all i need thanks	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 i m in need of a train leaving boxbourne that can t arrive any later than 14:00 can you find me one ?	but of course i just need a bit more info what time do you want to leave and on what day ?
2 i want to leave on monday it doesn t matter what time the train leaves as long as i arrive by 14:00	just to confirm: is your destination cambridge or another city ?
3 yes my destination is cambridge and i ll be coming in from broxbourne	okay that helps give us a good start what day are you wanting to travel ?
4 monday please for 6 people	it looks like there is a train leaving broxbourne at 12:32 and arriving in cambridge at 13:32 the price is 17.90 pounds per passenger shall i book this for you ?
5 yes please i ll need 6 tickets	the booking for tr0354 was successful the total fee is 107.4 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 8uv8y3a7
6 thank you so much you have been very helpful !	you are very welcomed have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north side of town
2 what type of food does golden wok serve ?	the golden wok serves chinese food would you like more information ?
3 yes what is the address for the business ?	they are located at 191 histon road chesterton
4 great i have everything i need thank you	you re welconme

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for restaurants in the area could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre	yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that
2 is that a gastropub restaurant ?	it is not but the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a gastropub in the center of town and it is a moderate price range would you like to book it ?
3 yes please for 6 people at 17:15 on tuesday	i ve booked that for you your confirmation number is ugfbz3hb they ll hold the table for 15 minutes
4 thanks you very much that s all i need	great i hope you enjoy your dinner !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an italian restaurant in the centre of town could you provide me with some options to choose from please ?	there are 9 italian restaurants in the centre of town do you have a price range ?
2 i d like a cheap one please	there are 3 cheap italian restaurants i would recommend pizza hut city centre would you like to book a table ?
3 what are the other two restaurants in this price range ?	the two other restaurants that are relatively cheap are a restaurant called ask and the other is zizzi cambridge would you like more info on one of those ?
4 yes please what are the phone numbers of those places ?	the phone number for ask is 01223364917 the one for zizzi cambridge is 01223365599 is there anything else i can help with ?
5 not now thanks for your help goodbye	you re welcome have a great day !

#train#
1 can you help me find a train ? i am looking for that departs from cambridge on saturday	there are 202 trains leaving from cambridge on saturday can you give me a destination point so that i can narrow it down for you ?
2 i would like to go to birmingham new street and the train should leave after 14:15	the tr3735 leaves at 15:01 will that suit you ?
3 that would be great can you get me 7 tickets on that train ?	alright you booking was successful your confirmation number is ku1r7nqo
4 ok is that also the reference number ? thanks	that s correct the number i gave you was the reference number you ll need you ll need to pay 420.56 gbp when you get to the station is there anything else ?
5 okay thank you very much	is there anything i can help you with today ?
6 no that would be all thanks have a night day	thank you you have a night day as well

#restaurant#
1 can you tell me about the j restaurant ?	the j restaurant serves cheap asian oriental food in the centre of town their phone number is 01223307581 the address is 86 regent street city centre
2 can you make reservations for 6 at 14:30 on thursday ?	yes i certainly can ! your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5f3kbh78
3 you have been very helpful thank you goodbye	glad to help have a great day and enjoy your meal good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for african food	there is one african restaurant listed called bedouin would you like more information for this restaurant ?
2 yes i need the address please	the address is 100 mill road city centre
3 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range	there is not a cheap hotel in the centre area is there another area i can look for you ?
2 the hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4	the cambridge belfry is 4 star hotel in the cheap price range in the west part of town do you want me to book this hotel ?
3 i need to be in the centre is there a guesthouse available if there are no hotels ?	the alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse located at 56 saint barnabas road
4 great ! i want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday	booking was unsuccessful do you want to try a different day ?
5 how about thursday ?	booking was successful reference number is : tfajjnjf
6 thanks that s all i need goodbye	you re welcome ! have a wonderful day bye now

#restaurant#
1 i need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre can you assist me please ?	hi i found a restaurant it is nandos city centre and it is located at 33-34 saint andrews street would you like for me to book it for you ?
2 is this restaurant in the cheap price range ?	yes it is may i help you book ?
3 yes please book for thursday at 12:45 for 7 people	booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another restaurant ?
4 hmm okay how about another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	there are several the gardenia served mediterranean you might be interested in it ask and zizzi serve italian
5 okay let s try that place	great news i was able to book you into there and the reference number is 2hilqzbf
6 which restaurant were you able to book me into ?	i was able to get you in at ask on thursday at 12:45 for 7 people there is a new reference number though use 0slqnhxa
7 thank you that is all i need	my pleasure ! have a nice day
8 thanks i m all done here	thank you and i hope you enjoy the restaurant have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an indian restaurant in the west	yes i have many options for you how about the tandoori palace ?
2 that might work what is the price range of tandoori palace ?	it is an expensive restaurant on the west side of town would you like me to reserve a table for you ?
3 no that s ok but could you give me their address and postcode please	sure it is located at 68 histon road chesterton in the cb43le post code can i help with anything else today ?
4 i believe that s all i need thanks !	you are welcome have a nice day bye

#restaurant#
1 are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town ?	yes there are many cheap restaurants in cambridge ! what type of food would you like ?
2 i d prefer cantonese but i d be up for italian if necessary	i don t have a cheap cantonese option but i do have 5 italian places in that price range is there an area in the city you d like to dine at ?
3 how about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday	i d like to recommend la margherita found in the north
4 that would be great - can you make that reservation ?	your booking was successful your reference number is ggymviia can i assist you with anything else today ?
5 that s all i needed thanks !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a four star room free parking too	are you looking for a hotel ? there are 19 4 star hotels that offer free parking do you have a price range or area of town you want to stay ?
2 the hotel should be in the west side of town	there are 3 four star locations to choose from: finches bed and breakfast the huntingdon marriot and the cambridge belfry the huntingdon is listed as expensive while the others are cheap
3 could i book the marriot for 4 people starting on wednesday ? it would be for 5 nights	yes i will book 5 nights at the marriot for 4 people starting wednesday anything else i can do for you ?
4 may i have the reference number for the booking please ?	i apologize but the booking was unsuccessful the hotel is booked do you want me to check one of the other hotels ?
5 yes a hotel that is near that one	the cambridge bellfry has availability will that do ?
6 i d prefer something in the same price range as the marriott it s all going on an expense report anyway no reason to be stingy	i am sorry the huntington marriott is not available for those days would you like to try another hotel ?
7 is there anything in the same price range you could try ?	i reserved a room at the expensive 4 star university arms hotel it is in the city centre though reference number is a3slp7hg is there anything else today ?
8 thank you that s all i need !	great i was happy to help good-bye !

#attraction#
1 hi i am looking for a entertainment attraction to visit do you have any recommendations ?	what area will you be going to ?
2 the area doe not matter just some entertainment	how about the cherry hinton hall and grounds ?
3 sounds good could you give me their address please ?	their address is cherry hinton road is there anything else i can assist you with ?
4 yes i also need their postcode and phone number	okay sure the postcode is cb18dw and the phone number is 01223446104 anything else ?
5 great thank you for all of your help	no problem will that be all for you today ?
6 yes thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre	i have many could we narrow it down a bit by the type of cuisine you may be looking for ?
2 i d like to try indian cuisine i a table for three at 15:45 on monday	i can t seem to find a table that is available at that time would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot ?
3 yes let s try for 14:45 instead	booking at curry garden was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : 3hvuqftt is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that was all i needed right now thank you goodbye	you re welcome enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 hi i m trying to find a restaurant that serves danish food	i m afraid there are no danish restaurants in the city is there another cuisine you d like ?
2 how about thai ?	there are two restaurants serving thai food is the expensive price range okay for you ?
3 i don t care	bangkok city is a nice thai restaurant in the expensive price range would you like their location ?
4 centre please	correct bangkok city is located in the centre part of town would you like the specific contact information ?
5 yes i will need their address and phone number	the address is 24 green street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354382
6 thank you very much !	you are welcome !
7 thank you goodbye	you are welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre	i have found many restaurants with the criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food do you have a preference for type of food ?
2 i would prefer welsh food please !	i don t have any welsh restaurants that meet your criteria would british or european be ok or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead ?
3 how about italian food ?	how about cafe uno ?
4 sure what is their phone number and address there	caffee uno is located at 32 bridge street city centre and the phone number is 01223448620
5 that is everything still ironing out details so i will call them later thanks for your help	you are quite welcome do you need any further assistance ?
6 that was all i needed for now thanks	thank you for using our services

#train#
1 i am looking for a train that goes to cambridge around 10:45	what day will you be traveling ?
2 i will be traveling on thursday and departing from stevenage	there are 3 trains that match your search do you want to book one ?
3 no can you just let me know the travel time for this trip ?	the travel time from stevenage to cambridge is 49 minutes
4 ok thanks i ll have to get back to you on how many tickets have a great day	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 yes i am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center	there are quite a few restaurants in the center what kind of cuisine are you interested in ?
2 hmm i feel like discovering something new which restaurant would you recommend ?	i would recommend papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
3 that sounds great could you book a table for one at 11:15 on friday ?	i m sorry papadoux is not coming up there is an expensive african restaurant called bedouin in city centre would you like me to try that one instead ?
4 yes or any in the same expensive range and the centre area	i apologize the bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time would you like me to try another restaurant ?
5 yes one in the same area and price range please	okay i was able to book you into the kymmoy an expensive asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is ycqwegos
6 great ! thank you so much for your help	you re very welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
7 no thank you for all your help	so happy we could be of service today enjoy your time in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant to go to	there are 57 expensive restaurants in the area do you have a food type preference or an area preference ?
2 what s your favorite place on the south side of town ?	frankie and bennys is a good expensive italian restaurant in the south area would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 that would be great please make the reservation for 17:45 on monday just 1 person	okay you re all set ! reference number is 3ap8e11k and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i help with anything else ?
4 that will be all thank you so much	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	there is five restaurants to your request
2 i would like italian food	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the south part of town is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 yes what is their phone number and where are they located at ?	their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east	there are 3 moderately priced restaurants on the east side do you prefer indian or italian food ?
2 is there one with unusual food ?	no i m afraid indian or italian are the only options
3 ok tell me whats available in indian food	for indian food i have the curry prince restaurant and rajmahal they are both moderately priced and located in the east can i tell you more about one of those ?
4 yes give me the address and postcode for one of those please	the address and postcode for curry prince is 451 newmarket road fen ditton cb58jj is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no that s all the information i need thanks for your help !	enjoy ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area	you have your choice of la margherita which serves italian food or thanh binh which offers vietnamese cuisine
2 let s go with la margherita could you book a table for 2 people at 13:30 on saturday ?	i was unable to book that would you like me to try something else ?
3 yes as long as its in the same area and price range i need a reference number too then please	i was able to get you into thanh binh your reference number is clibol1q
4 okay that is all i need for now	thank you and goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food please	la tasca is a moderately priced spanish restaurant in centre
2 please provide address and postcode	the address is 14 -16 bridge street and the postcode is c.b 2 1 u.f is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 that is all thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	the nirala is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range
2 what kind of food is that ? also what is the address and phone number ?	indian food the address is 7 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966 is there anything else i can help you find ?
3 thank you that is all	your welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars ?	yes actually cityroomz is a moderately priced 0 star hotel
2 do they have free wifi ?	yes they do have free wifi ! would you like me to book a stay for you ?
3 yes ! can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting friday ?	that booking was successful your reference number is tfpbtyhn is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that was all i needed thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing us to book for you have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre ?	certainly there are many restaurants that fit that criteria do you have a food type preference ?
2 yes do any serve international food ?	i have 2 the varsity restaurant and bloomsberry both serve international food and are in the moderate price range do you have a preference ?
3 can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday ?	neither are available at that time would you like to try a different time ?
4 no i need 17:15 on monday perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices ? any cuisine is fine	i was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar your reference number is e6erfbkg
5 thank you and goodbye	good bye to you let us know if you need us again

#restaurant#
1 hello could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city ?	there are 2 options pizza hut cherry hinton serves italian food and restaurant alimentum serves modern european food
2 do you have anyplace that serves chinese food ?	i m sorry there are no chinese restaurants located in the south that is moderately priced
3 ok i will go with italian food and pick the pizza hut cherry hinton thank you for your help	would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on sunday thank you	booking was unfortunately unsuccessful can we try another day or a differen t time slot ?
5 how about 18:00 ?	good news ! your reservation has been booked for sunday at 18:00 for 4 people the reference number is yj0b5w19 is there anything else i can help you with ?
6 that is all ! thank you !	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an upscale guesthouse	your are looking for an upscale guesthouse i can help you with that there are a few options what area would you like ?
2 i don t care about the area all that matters to me is that it has free wifi	i don t have any upscale guesthouses available is there a different price range i can help you find ?
3 is there any in the cheap price range then ?	how about the alexander bed and breakfast in the centre ? it is a cheap guesthouse with free wifi
4 sounds great i need to be there saturday and we will be staying 4 nights	i am sorry there is no availability for those dates would you like me to try to find another hotel ?
5 yes let s try another hotel in the same price range	i was able to get you into the el shaddai and your reference number is jg24dzvf
6 thank you so much for your help	is there anything else that you need today ?
7 as long as my reservation is for 2 people we are set thank you !	okay great glad i could be of help enjoy your stay
8 thank you so much i m sure i will	have a great day ! good-bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar	no problem i ve got it right here they are located at 83 regent street and their phone number is 01223356666 is there anything else ?
2 yes can you help me with a reservation for monday night at 18:15 ?	yes i can how many seats do you need ?
3 just two it s for my wife and i	i am sorry i don t have that available perhaps you would like to try another place to dine ?
4 yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar ?	yes there are five restaurants in that area in price range would you prefer british or asian food ?
5 lets try for asian please	yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental would you like me to book it

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	what is the food type you would prefer ?
2 i don t care i just need to know the address phone number and postcode of the venue please	how about sitar tandoori it s address is 43 high street cherry hinton cherry hinton their postcode is c.b 1 9 h.x and their phone number is 01223 249955
3 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve indian food
4 thank you goodbye	thank you
5 goodbye	good day !

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find and expensive thai restaurant ?	sala thong is an expensive thai restaurant on the west side would you like to book there ?
2 that would be great i need a table on sunday at 15:45 for 6 people please	i have made your reservation the reference number is s2ay04jf is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
3 thank you i think that s all i need today goodbye	thank you for calling enjoy goodbye !

#train#
1 i need to get a train from cambridge to norwich	i have a train leaving at 12:36 and arriving at 13:55 is that ok ?
2 actually no i need a train leaving on monday after 20:30	i have a train which leaves at 20:36 would that work for you ?
3 book for 4 get me the reference number please	booking was successful the total fee is 70.4 gbp payable at the station reference number is : ri594ocx
4 awesome you ve been a great help thank you	you re very welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a place to dine that serves vietnamese food in the east	sorry there are no vietnamese places in the east would you like to try a different area ?
2 yes i am willing to go to a different area for vietnamese food	thanh binh is in the west part of town
3 how about an international restaurant instead on the east ?	the missing sock is a cheap restaurant on the east side of town that serves international food would you like more information on that place ?
4 yes please can i get the postcode	sure the phone number is 01223812660
5 not the phone number the postcode please	my apologies the postcode is cb259aq
6 thank you very much i am all set bye	you are welcome good bye

#hotel#
1 i would like a guesthouse four star	the allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse in the east would you like to make a booking ?
2 does it include free parking ?	it includes free parking would you like to book a room at this hotel ?
3 yes please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from sunday	i m very sorry that booking was unavailable would you like to find another hotel ?
4 sure any guesthouse in the same price range would be fine	i have booked you a room at the autumn house their address is 710 newmarket road phone number is 01223575122 reference number is : yu3moahh
5 thank you for the reference number yu3moahh goodbye	let us know if you need further help

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves cuban food	i am sorry there are no cuban restaurants in the cheap price range is there anywhere else you will like to search for ?
2 could you look for chinese restaurants instead ?	there are 3 in the centre and one in the south charlie chan is one of the cheap chinese restaurants in the centre
3 can i get the address and phone number of charlie chan please ?	charlie chan s phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is regent street city centre may i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you that is all i need goodbye !	thank you goodbye !

#attraction#
1 i d like to visit a museum in town what can you suggest ?	what area would you like to go to ?
2 i have no preferences for area can you just suggest a couple ?	the cambridge contemporary art museum and the scott polar museum are both free and in the centre
3 can you give me the address for the scott polar museum ?	sure ! the address is lensfield road will that be all ?
4 that s all the help i need today thanks for the help	you re welcome thank you for calling the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town	anatolia is a turkish restaurant it is in the moderate price range and it is in the centre part of town would you like the phone number ?
2 i don t care	is there anything else you want ?
3 yes i would like a different selection please what other places serve turkish food ?	there is efes restaurant in the moderate price range and meze bar restaurant in the expensive range both of them in the centre do you like their information ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town what is the phone number and address ?	restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 hills road
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome and thank you for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town do you prefer indian italian or british ?
2 can i have the address and phone number of the italian location ?	prezzo is at 21-24 northampton road and can be reached at 01799 521260 can i be of further assistance ?
3 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using our system good bye

#train#
1 i was wondering if you could help me in finding a train to the airport	sure where will you be leaving from ?
2 i will need to leave from cambridge if that s ok	what day are you travelling ?
3 on wednesday i need the train to arrive by 19:15	i have a train that arrives earlier at 18:08 and one that arrives just before your specified time at 19:08
4 i d like to book 3 tickets on the train arriving at 19:08 please and would it be possible to have a reference number for the booking ?	ok you have 3 tickets reserved on tr4447 departing cambridge at 18:40 arriving stansted at 19:08 total fee is 30.29 gbp reference #5vrjsmse will that be all today ?
5 yes it will thanks so much have a nice day	you are very welcome enjoy your day too bye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from london kings cross	i have 70 trains departing from that location do you have any more information to narrow it down some ?
2 yes i d like to go to cambridge on tuesday sometime after 13:15	train tr3456 leaves london kings cross at 13:17 and arrives in cambridge at 14:08 would you like to book this train ?
3 i think that will work what is the ticket price and travel time for that train ?	the ticket price is 23.60 pounds travel time on this route is 51 minutes would you like me to arrange a booking on this train ?
4 yes that sounds good	great i have booked your ticket your reference number is : 3tf3uigp
5 okay thank you for all your help	you re quite welcome is there anything else i can assist you with today ?
6 no that s all i need today i appreciate your help	have a wonderful day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south	there are 3 chinese restaurants in the south two are expensive and one is cheap would you like more information or to make a reservation ?
2 yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please ?	you are booked at the good luck chinese food takeaway your reference number is ardcxt6o
3 thanks so much that will be all for today	have a great time !

#restaurant#
1 hi i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	do you have a certain type of food in mind ?
2 i don t care	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian restaurant in the south part of town would you like their address ?
3 what other options are there ?	in the expensive range there are two chinese restaurants and one indian in the south part of town
4 what is the address and phone number of one of them ?	the peking restaurant is located at 10 homerton street city centre and the phone number is 01223 354755
5 that will do thank you !	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for yu garden can you help me find it ?	yes yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton it s phone number is 01223248882 do you need anything else ?
2 would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on monday ?	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to find another restaurant ?
3 what is the area and price range for the yu garden please ?	yu garden is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that services chinese food
4 that sounds great could you book it for me please and give me the reference number	yu garden is not open then shall i try another place to dine ?
5 yes please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range	i was able to book grafton hotel restaurant reference number is pc2vluzw
6 thank you that is all i need bye	okay glad i could be of help

#hotel#
1 can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi ?	yes i have many options in different parts of town mostly in the cheap to moderate price range do you have any preferences for where you stay ?
2 i would like it to be in the moderate price range please	there are 11 options located in the east north and south what location would you prefer ?
3 the area doesn t matter i need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday	okay i booked you at the acorn guest house your reference number is z0322eq3 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s all i need thanks !	you re welcome have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i live in the centre of town and want to see if i can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting	how about the alexander bed and breakfast in the centre ? it is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free internet and wifi
2 that sounds like it might work could you check availability for two people this weekend ?	what day are they arriving and how many nights are they staying ?
3 i am unsure at this time	okay would you like some more information about that hotel ?
4 can you tell me what the address is ?	the address is 56 saint barnabas road
5 does this place include free parking ?	the alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre area it has wifi and parking does this fit your needs ?
6 you have been very helpful i have everything i need thanks bye	i am glad to help have a nice day bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food	there is one british restaurant in the east part of town called grafton hotel restaurant would you like the phone number ?
2 yes please along with the phone number and the post code thanks	it s located at the grafton hotel restaurant the phone number is 01223 241387 and the postal code is c.b 5 8 pa
3 wonderful thank you	no problem have a good time good bye

#train#
1 i need a train leaving cambridge sometime after 13:15 please	where are you headed ?
2 i m going to bishops stortford	rainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr2420 cambridge london kings cross friday 15:00 15:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes tr6628 cambridge london kings cross friday 17:00 17:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes tr1006 cambridge london kings cross friday 19:00 19:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes tr3055 cambridge london kings cross friday 21:00 21:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes tr9876 cambridge london kings cross friday 23:00 23:51 23.60 pounds 51 minutes these are the available options
3 i m a little overwhelmed by the information i am actually leaving on sunday this seems to be friday	there s a train that departs at 15:00 arriving in london kings cross at 15:51 how does that sound ?
4 i need to depart from cambridge	there is a train running from cambridge to bishops stortford on friday that leaves at 13:29 the train id is tr8585 would you like me to book it for you ?
5 no i need the train to go from cambridge to bishops stortford on sunday and leaving after 13:15	alright i have several options for you the earliest train that meets your criteria is tr2402 and leaves at 13:29 will that work ?
6 that sounds great could i get the price please ?	the price is 8.08 pounds is there anything else i can help you with ?
7 i think that s it thank you	thanks for your help

#hotel#
1 hello i would like to find the el shaddai hotel can you help me ?	the el shaddai hotel is located at 41 warkworth street would yo+u like the phone number ?
2 can i book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday please ?	your booking was successful reference number is 8t4aj6p9 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday at the el shaddai can i help you with anything else ?
3 nope that ll do it thanks for your help !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side ?	there is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel that are cheap on the west side which one do you prefer ?
2 the guest house please	finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west area would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 no thank you but could you tell me the phone number ? and do they have free internet ?	yes they do have free internet and the phone number is 01223276653
4 thank you so much !	you re welcome have a great day

#hotel#
1 could you help me find cityroomz please ?	i sure can cityroomz is located in the centre of town they offer free wifi they are at sleeperz hotel station road their phone number is 01223304050
2 can you book a room for me there ? we ll be arriving on saturday and need to stay 4 nights there will be 7 of us staying	i was able to book cityroomz for you on saturday for 4 night 7 people your reference number is 5b7m73dk is there anything else i can help with ?
3 nope that ll be all thanks bye !	thank you for contacting cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food	there aren t any belgian restaurants in the area would you like to search for something else ?
2 portuguese please	for portuguese food there is nandos in the south part of town or nandos city centre would you like the contact information for either of those ?
3 yes please i will take the phone number and address for nandos in the south area	absolutely nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way its phone number is 01223327908 would you like anything else ?
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant that serves irish food	there are no matches for that search
2 how about modern european food ?	there s darrys cookhouse and wine shop located in the centre of town would you like their information ?
3 yes please i would like the address and the phone number	darrys cookhouse and wine shop is located at 40270 king street city centre their phone number is 01223 505015
4 thank you goodbye !	you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you goodbye	have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 is there any place serving cheap indian food ?	i found three in the centre part of town and one in the north which area do you prefer ?
2 i don t care	kohinoor is an indian restaurant in the cheap price range and in the centre do you want the address and phone number ?
3 of course !	kohinoor s address is 74 mill road city centre and the phone number is 01223 323639 may i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that s all i need good bye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i would like to eat in the center of town at a expensive place	for town centre there are african asian oriental and british options which of these would you prefer ?
2 how about african ? i d like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on tuesday	i have booked a table at bedouin african restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday your reference number is vazcwis6 may i help with anything else ?
3 nope that s all i needed ! thanks !	okay great enjoy your dining experience

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food	there aren t any restaurants serving persian food in the north part of town would you like me to look in a different area ?
2 are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town ?	there are three chinese restaurants in the north part of town what price range would you like ?
3 any price range would be fine	there are three restaurants that serve chinese food in the north part of town would you like me to list them ?
4 please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants	golden wok is a chinese restaurant located in the north part of town and the phone number is 01223 350688
5 can i have the phone number to one more restarant please ?	the hakka also serves chinese food and is on the north side of town their phone number is 01223 568988 is there anything else i can help you with
6 no thank you that is good good bye	thank you for using our system good bye

#hotel#
1 can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range ?	just to clarify is it a hotel you need or will a guest house serve ? because i have 4 guest houses matching your needs but no actual hotels
2 no it needs to be a hotel that includes wifi	i m sorry i don t have anything that matches that description but i do have two 2-star hotels with wifi in the moderate price range
3 does one have free parking ?	two do the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge
4 actually a guest room will be fine as long as it is a 3 star moderate i d like both free wifi and free parking	i have only two star hotels would you mind restating the exact criteria you need in a room please ?
5 i need a moderate hotel free parking for 4 people 2 nights on friday i need a reference number too please	and you said a guesthouse would be fine correct ? i have the bridge guest house which is a 3 star with free internet and parking
6 yes book it please	that one is unavailable would you like me to try one of the others ?
7 yes a hotel in the same price range	i booked a room for you at the hamilton lodge on chesterton road your reference number is cu50dw9y can i help you with anything else today ?
8 no that is it thanks so much for your help !	you re welcome good-bye

#hotel#
1 hello i am looking for a hotel in the north part of town the hotel needs to include free parking	how about arbury lodge guesthouse ? it s moderately priced
2 that sounds great ! can you tell me more about it ?	the arbury lodge has 4 stars and is located at 82 arbury road in the north they offer both free wifi and parking would you like to book a room ?
3 yes please book for 4 nights starting wednesday there will be 8 of us	you are booked and your reference number is ny842atu can i help you with anything else today ?
4 that should do it ! thank you !	thank you goodbye

#train#
1 are there any trains leaving from cambridge on thursday ?	yes there are what is your destination ?
2 i m heading to broxbourne	we have trains leaving hourly from cambridge to broxbourne starting at 5:01 for 17.90 pounds what time would you like to leave ?
3 i am looking for one that will arrive by 15:00	tr2125 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01 would you like me to book that for you ?
4 yes i would also like the reference number for the booking please	okay how many tickets would you like ?
5 i need that for 6 people	you have 6 tickets on tr125 leaving thursday at 9:01 reference number is ppp9yi7k 107.4 gbp will be payable at the station can i help you further ?
6 no i think i m all set thank you very much for your help !	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food	would the centre part of town be convenient for you ?
2 i don t care	may i suggest the hotel du vin and bistro ?
3 can you please give me the address and phone number ?	their address is 15 - 19 trumpington street and phone number is 01223 227330
4 thank you !	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay in the north	yes i have many options in the moderate price range do you need wifi or free parking ?
2 yes i need both wifi and free parking	how does the acorn guest house sound ? it is in the north part of town in the moderate price range and has both free wifi and parking
3 that sounds great can you book it for 6 people starting tuesday for a total of 2 nights ?	the acorn guest house is unavailable at that time but i booked you for the arbury lodge guesthouse instead it has all of the same features
4 okay may i have the reference number ?	reference number is : 3y3ae0u7
5 thank you for booking itgoodbye	is there anything else you need ?

#hotel#
1 can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking ?	most of the cheap options we have are guesthouses though i do have one hotel in the west do you have a preference ?
2 how many stars does this hotel have and does it have wifi ?	it has a 4 star rating and wifi yes
3 can you tell me the name and phone number of that hotel please ?	it is the cambridge belfry hotel and the phone number is 01954714600 do you need any other details ?
4 no actually that did it i have all i need thanks again goodbye	have a nice day goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town what is the phone number and type of food ?	grafton hotel restaurant serves british food is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 241387
2 ok thank you	you re welcome

#restaurant#
1 yes please help me find a restaurant in the center of town	there are 69 restaurants in the centre of town you can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type
2 it should be in the moderate price range	i have 4 that serve british food and 1 that serves asian
3 i would like to book the asian one for tuesday	what time and for how many people would you like to book ?
4 19:00 for 6 people	the booking was unsuccessful would you like to try a different location ?
5 as long as its in the same area and price range that will be fine i also need the reference number too	i was able to get you a booking at restaurant one seven it is british will that one be good ?
6 yes can i please get the reference number ?	okay your reference number is 9rxqyeio
7 thank you for all your help	you are welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town	do you have a price range preference ? there are two cheap 1 moderate and 1 expensive
2 i m interested in a cheap place what can you tell me about those ?	we have dojo noodle bar and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town would you like to book one of those ?
3 yes get me a table for two at dojo noodle bar on wednesday at 16:00	there are no tables available at the time requested would you like to try another time or day ?
4 hmm can you try at 15:00 instead ?	booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : h6ob1o8j is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no that will be all thanks !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi ! can you give me some information on the golden curry restaurant ?	the golden curry is an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre of town is there anything else you would like to know ?
2 that sounds great i would like a table for 5 people at 19:00 on tuesday	unfortunately that day/time are unavailable would you like me to try a different time or day ?
3 okay try 18:00 instead	that time is available so i ve made your reservation the reference number is oshzupsd what else can i do for you ?
4 that s all that i needed today thanks !	great glad i could help enjoy your meal
5 thanks i will bye !	thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre bye !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a certain hotel someone recommended i think it s called the gonville ?	i have the gonville hotel it is in the centre area of town would you like to make a booking today ?
2 yes please i need a room for 3 nights for one person starting on saturday	i am sorry there are no rooms available at that time,can i help you find another hotel ?
3 how about a different hotel in the same price range please ?	how about the university arms hotel ? it is in the same price range
4 is that rated similar to the other one ?	the rating is actually one star better is that one fine ?
5 yes please boook me that one	all right i have you booked at the university arms with reference number jad762ev can i help you with anything else ?
6 no thank you you have been very helpful with all your assistance	pleasure all mine have a nice stay !

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a north american restaurant in any area i d like the address phone and price range	gourmet burger kitchen is a restaurant serving north american food and in the expensive price range the phone number is 01223 312598 and the address is regent street city centre
2 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye
3 good bye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range	how about nandos i ve heard great things !
2 is that restaurant in the south ? i"d like to book for 4 people at 1330 on saturday please	nandos is indeed in the south the booking is successful with the reference number pcffz610 do you need more help ?
3 thanks that s all good bye	you are more than welcome !

#restaurant#
1 in the west part of town are there any upscale pricey restaurants ?	yes there are 9 what cuisine would you like ?
2 i m not picky; do you have a favorite ? i d appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address thanks !	i would suggest graffiti it is british food would you like me to book a table for you ?
3 no i just need the address	here is the address you are looking for hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road
4 great i think that s everything i need thank you for helping me	you re very welcome i hope you have a great dinner is there anything else at all that i can assist you with ?
5 nope as i said that s all i need	thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 hello there any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town ?	loch fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town it is in the expensive price range would that work ?
2 yes that will be fine could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on saturday ?	your table is reserved for 12:30 on saturday your reference number is 3l2hybcy
3 thank you so much that was all i needed today have a good afternoon	you re welcome thanks for contacting cambridge towninfo centre !

#restaurant#
1 could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 in that area please choose a food type african asian british chinese european french gastropub indian japanese korean mediterranean north american modern european seafood thai or turkish
2 i want to try seafood can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on thursday ?	i m sorry it doesn t look like loch fyne has tables at that time and they re the only one that focuses on seafood would you like to try somewhere else ?
3 please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as loch fyne	ok i can book at bedouin if you would like ? they serve african food
4 yes,and book it for 4 people on thursday at 7:45,thank you	ok i have booked a table for 4 at bedouin on thursday at 7:45
5 could you please give me the reference number ?	your booking was successful your reference number is bty06386 may i help you with anything else today ?
6 no thank you that is all i needed goodbye	you are welcome enjoy your dinner bye

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking	i show 21 responses may i have the location you are interested in ? also a price range would help refine our search
2 i would like to stay in the centre in the expensive price range	i m sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications would you like a different price range or a different area possibly ?
3 im sorry the area and price range do not matter i need a 3 star guesthouse with free wifi please	i m sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications would you like a different price range or a different area possibly ?

#train#
1 i need a train to peterborough from cambridge on sunday	there are many trains beginning at 05:19 do you have a time preference ?
2 i would like to leave after 18:15 please	is there a time you need to arrive by ?
3 no thank you i just need the train id and price of the ticket	train tr6662 leaves at 18:19 and the price is 13.20 pounds is there anything else i can do for you today ?
4 no thanks that is all i need thanks for the assistance	thanks too for choosing us
5 thank you and goodbye	glad i could help hope you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town	the missing sock is located in the east part of town and in the cheap price range
2 could i have the phone number and address please ?	the phone number is 01223 812660 and the address is finders corner newmarket road
3 thank you goodbye	glad to help goodbye

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a place to stay on the north end i d like a place with free wifi	can i get a hotel type you are looking for ?
2 it needs to be in the moderate price range	there are 8 guesthouses and two hotels meeting your needs do you have a preference as to type ?
3 no i dont have a preference i need it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday	here is the reservation in avalon guesthouse the address is 62 gilbert road post code cb43pd and the phone is 01223353071
4 thanks thats all i need today,goodbye	your welcome and thanks for using cambridge towninfo centre !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking	the cambridge belfry fits your request would you like to book a room ?
2 sorry i prefer a guesthouse does the cambridge belfry meet that requirement ?	i apologize it does not do you have a specific price range in mind ?
3 yes it should be in the cheap price range	how about allenbell ? it looks lovely
4 sounds interesting ! what area is it in ?	the allenbell is in the east area would you like a reservation ?
5 do they have internet ?	yes the allenbell meets all your needs shall i book the guesthouse for you ?
6 wait first let me know: do they have internet access ?	yes the allenbell has internet service would you like me to book this location for you ?
7 i don t need a booking yet i do need the postcode though	the postcode for the allenbell is cb13js is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 could you also please tell me the area that is in ?	sure the allenbell guesthouse is located in the east can i help with anything else ?
9 no i think that s all i need thank you for your help today	you are more than welcome !

#hotel#
1 hi i need a place to stay something expensive on the north side	i m sorry but there is not a single expensive hotel or guesthouse on the north side of town would you like a different area or perhaps a different price range ?
2 how about any part of town with free parking and free wifi ?	i have 5 different options for you my recommendation would be the huntingdon marriott hotel its in the west side and is expensive with a 4-star rating would that work ?
3 is there something in the cheap price range ?	there are 2 cheap guesthouses if you still want to stay on the north side of town they both have internet and parking would either of these work ?
4 yes please i ll need the phone number and hotel type please	all right the worth house is a guesthouse that should meet your needs the phone number is 01223316074 what other informatoin do you need ?
5 that s all i need thank you	thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre and enjoy your stay in our city !

#hotel#
1 could i ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby ?	of course ! cambridge boasts many wonderful guesthouses what did you have in mind ?
2 some place moderately priced with free wifi	i have 14 options spread out all over town do you have a preference as to the area you want to stay ?
3 i don t have a preference which one looks best to you ?	the a and b guest house is on the east side of town and has 4 stars would you like me to book it for you ?
4 no thank you that is all i needed have a great day !	you re welcome please contact us if you need more information or would like to make a reservation have a wonderful day !
5 i will be sure to do that	here is the number for the guesthouse if you have any further inquiries: 01223315702 thank you !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel doesn t need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range	alright what area do you want to stay in ?
2 i would like to stay in the east	there are three locations which fit your needs sir the warkworth house is an excellent choice
3 okay i want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday	unfortunately the hotel couldn t accommodate you would you like to change the day or time ?
4 what about on friday ?	booking was successful reference number is : 49r7aru6
5 great thanks so much !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town	there are 5 expensive restaurants in the east what food type do you want ?
2 i don t care	how about the royal standard at 290 mill road city centre ?
3 what is the phone number ?	their phone number is 01223 247877

#restaurant#
1 hello i m trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant can you help me find one ?	saigon city is in the north of town and kymmoy is in the center
2 could you book one of them for thursday at 13:15 for 5 people ? thanks	i have booked you a table for 5 at kymmoy at 52 mill road city reference number 1bbum6yn can i help you with anything else today ?
3 no thank you	you are welcome have a nice day
4 thank you you too	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre ! goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i need a restaurant that serves european food please	what area are you looking for ?
2 anything in the area would be fine	galleria is a nice restaurant serving european food is in the centre of town and is moderately priced
3 i am looking for something in the expensive price range	i m sorry there is no one serving european food in the expensive price range

#restaurant#
1 i want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town i need its address and phone number please	la margherita serves cheap italian in the west area it is located at 15 magdalene street city centre phone 01223 315232
2 thank you goodbye	thank you

#restaurant#
1 can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town ?	there are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town is there a particular type of food you are wanting ?
2 surprise me what food type can you recommend ?	i have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it it s called nando s city centre or if you prefer i have anything from italian to spanish as well
3 what s the post code for nando city ?	it is cb23ar is there anything else i could help you with ?
4 no that s all i needed thanks !	you re welcome enjoy your meal !

#restaurant#
1 please suggest me a venetian restaurant in the moderate price range	i m sorry there is not a restaurant meeting those criteria would you like to try something else ?
2 ok how about a restaurant that serves gastropub type of food ?	there is one moderately priced gastropub in the town centre called the cow pizza kitchen and bar
3 great ! can you please give me the address and phone number ?	the phone and address are 01223 308871 corn exchange street
4 thank you goodbye	have a nice day ! thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant the restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range	there are five italian restaurants in the moderate price range four have pizza in their names and then there is prezzo
2 could i book through you a table at the prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this friday as well as get the reference number for the prezzo ?	i have booked that for you and your reference number is s6vdpmw3 is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 nothing else thanks for your great help goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town any kind of food is good with me; i would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find	restaurant alimentum s phone number is 01223 413000
2 can you tell me what type of food they serve ?	restaurant alimentum serves modern european food
3 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome have a good evening

#train#
1 i am looking for a train	i d be happy to help with your request what day will you be travelling and what is your destination ?
2 i ll be heading to peterborough on thursday	these are the available options trainid departure destination day leaveat arriveby price duration book (optional) tr7098 cambridge peterborough thursday 05:06 05:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes tr4745 cambridge peterborough thursday 05:34 06:24 16.50 pounds 50 minutes tr9932 cambridge peterborough thursday 06:06 06:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes tr8769 cambridge peterborough thursday 06:34 07:24 16.50 pounds 50 minutes tr6688 cambridge peterborough thursday 07:06 07:56 16.50 pounds 50 minutes
3 thank you for your help	you re very welcome ! make sure to let us know if you d like to book anything !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine the restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the center	how does the rice house sound ? it is a personal favorite
2 is it expensive ? i would like an expensive restaurant	no the rice house is in the cheap price range would you like to try the ugly duckling instead ?
3 sure can you make a reservation for me ? there will be 8 of us at 12:30 on saturday	your table is booked the reference number is nefptq46 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is it for today thank you and goodbye	you re welcome and thanks for using our help desk goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hello ! i m looking for information on restaurant one seven	sure restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area and is moderately priced would you like a reservation ?
2 yes please could you book me a table for 3 people on tuesday at 14:15	unfortunately there is nothing available for tuesday at 14:15 would another time or day work for you ?
3 can we try the same day for 13:15 ?	your booking was successful your reference number is 98olerpx is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that s all i needed thanks for your help !	you re very welcome enjoy your meal goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i need to find an expensive restaurant in the west	we have quite a few spots do you have a specific type of food you d like to eat ?
2 no i don t really care can you suggest one ?	tandoori palace is an indian restaurant their food is lovely
3 that sounds yummy ! what is their postcode and phone number please ?	their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le would you like me to make a booking ?
4 no that is all i need today thank you !	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 a moderate priced irish food restaurant	there are no irish restaurants would you like to choose another type of food ?
2 yes could you please check whether there is a gastropub ?	there are three gastropub restaurants listed one is in the east part of town and the rest are in the centre
3 i would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town	i m sorry it appears there are no results for the east part of town our system is having difficulty of some sort
4 can i have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town it s located on corn exchange street and the phone number is 01223 308871
5 thank you goodbye	thank you and good bye

#restaurant#
1 i would like a cheap restaurant which serves italian food	da vinci pizzeria serves cheap italian food would you like their address or phone number ?
2 what is their address and what part of town are they in ?	da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town the address is 20 milton road chesterton
3 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
4 thank you goodbye	good bye please call again if you have further questions
5 thank you goodbye !	good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in i d like it to be chinese food	are you looking to dine in a particular area ?
2 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town please	i have tang chinese that meets your criteria would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no i just need the address postcode and phone number thanks !	tang chinese is located at napier street city center phone number is 01223357187 and the postcode is cb11hr
4 that s all i need thanks good bye	you re welcome thank you for calling goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi i m looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars	i have 2 city centre north b and b in the north and the el shaddai in the centre which one would you prefer ?
2 the el shaddai in the centre	ok no problem when would you like the room booked for ?
3 i need it for four people and four nights starting monday	booking was unsuccessful want to find another hotel ?
4 lets try city centre north b and b if that is not successful any hotel in the same price range	the a and b was indeed successful and your reference number is ii677z30
5 thank you so much for your help have a nice day bye	you are very welcome thank you for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a particular restaurant its name is called restaurant one seven	it is a moderately-priced british restaurant in the centre of town would you like the address ?
2 yes please give me the complete address	it is located at de vere university arms regent street city centre
3 thank you for your help !	you are welcome

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house	sure ! that s a great expensive british restaurant in the centre of town what other information would you like to know ?
2 i guess i just need the address	their address is 1 kings parade
3 that s all i needed thank you !	you re welcome is there anything else i can help you with before we go ?
4 nope that s it ! thanks for your help	happy to be of service today enjoy the rest of your day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range	the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west in the cheap price range it has 4 stars and free internet and parking will that work for you ?
2 no i need a guesthouse	how about finches bed and breakfast ?
3 id apreciate if thats offered	finches bed and breakfast is a 4-star guesthouse in the west in the cheap price range with free internet and parking would you like to book a room ?
4 i ll contact them myself thank can you tell me their address including postcode ?	their address is 144 thornton road and the postcode is cb30nd
5 i am grateful for all your assistance wonderful service goodbye	thank you is that all ?

#restaurant#
1 i d like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town	do you have any particular food type in mind ?
2 mexican	chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive mexican restaurant in the south area
3 what is the phone number and postcode ?	the postcode is c b 1 7 d y and the phone number is 01223 400170
4 thank you ! that is all i needed to know good night	goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m in need of a place to stay for the night i d like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating	there are two one is cheap one is expensive which do you prefer ?
2 either as long as it includes free parking and internet is optional	both alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel offer those amenities would you like more information on either of these options ?
3 do either of those have free wifi ?	yes both have wifi connection
4 thanks ! what s the phone number ?	alexander bed and breakfast can be reached by phone at 01223525725 do you want university arms phone also ?
5 sure please give me that one as well	ok that phone number is 01223351241 would you like me to book you a reservation ?
6 no thank you ! i will give them a call	do you need any further assistance ?
7 no thank you i appreciate all your help !	you re very welcome good day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking	i have a listing for arbury lodge guesthouse in the north of town is that okay ?
2 what is its rating i need a 4 star hotel ?	yes it is 4 stars would you like me to book that for you ?
3 yes i need a room booked for 8 people we will be there for 3 nights starting on friday	i m sorry the booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find you another guesthouse ?
4 yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range ?	is there a price range you would like to stay within ?
5 yes the same price range as the arbury lodge please	you are booked at limehouse reference number: zup4ypxa
6 okay great that is all i need	sounds wonderful i hope you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place to dine i would like european food in the expensive price range	i was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests eraina is a great choice would you like me to book you a table ?
2 is it in the north area ?	no it is in the centre city stop restaurant is an expensive european restaurant in the north end would you like a reservation there ?
3 yes please i would like to book a table for 8 people on tuesday at 15:00	we have made your reservation thank you !
4 that s great - can you give me the reference number ?	sure sorry for that - 5u8l4dtq do you need any more help ?
5 thats all - thanks for great service !	happy to help anytime bye !

#train#
1 i m are looking for a train the train should go to cambridge and should leave on saturday	where will you be departing from ?
2 i will be departing from norwich	what tie would you like to leave norwich ?
3 i would like to leave after 14:30	i have several trains how would tr1156 work for you it leaves at 15:16 arriving at 16:35 ?
4 yes that works i need 3 tickets please	booking was successful the total fee is 70.4 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 1mi35913
5 great thank you for your help !	thanks for using the cambridge towninfo centre goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi available	i found 7 hotels in the east that have free wifi what is your price range ?
2 it doesn t matter about the price i would like it to be a guesthouse though if that s possible	i have 5 gueshouses all located in the east how many am i booking for and when ?
3 any one would be fine can i get a room for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday ?	booking was unsuccessful at autumn house do you want to find another hotel ?
4 yes one in the same price range	great news ! i was able to book you into the allenbell and your reference number is sopap2ox
5 thank you ! can you give me the address and the phone number for them ?	yes, their address is 517a coldham lane and the phone number is 01223210353 is there anything else i can do for you ?
6 nope i m all set goodbye !	please feel free to contact us again for further assistance good-bye

#attraction#
1 i am looking for an east-based place to go in town	how about funky fun house ? it s in the east cambridge museum of technology is also in the east
2 can you tell me what the entrance fee is for those ?	the cambridge museum of tech costs 5 pounds there is no information on the admission price for funky fun house would you like their phone number ?
3 no thanks can i get the postcode for funky fun house please ?	yes of course it is cb58hy is there anything else i can find out for you ?
4 thank you very much !	so is that all you needed today ?
5 yes that s all thank you	you re welcome goodbye !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for an expensive guesthouse to say at	i am sorry there are no guesthouse in the expensive range would you like to try a hotel instead ?
2 do you have a hotel with free parking ?	unfortunately there is no expensive hotel with free parking would you like me to search in a different price range ?
3 can you look at the cheap price range for me please ?	we have 9 hotels to choose from is there a particular amount of stars you re looking for or location ?
4 i need a cheap hotel for 6 people on wednesday for 3 nights please	allenbell guesthouse is available it s in the cheap price range and has free parking would you like me to book it for you ?
5 yes please for 3 nights from wednesday for 6 people please	i m sorry but i was unable to book that shall i try another hotel ?
6 yes please one in the same price range	good news ! i got you into autumn house instead and you still have free parking and a cheap price for your stay your reference number is e3mxbfll
7 perfect ! thank you for your help	the address of autumn house is 710 newmarket road and the phone number 01223575122
8 thanks so much that is all i need have a good day	awesome happy to help good-bye !

#restaurant#
1 i want to eat some north american food	ok the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre would you like the address ?
2 can you tell me the price range ?	the price range of the food there is expensive
3 thanks can i get the address and phone number ?	their address is regent street city centre you can contact them at 01223312598 would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
4 no that is ok thank you for all your help today	welcome again some other day
5 thank you good bye	thank you for using our services

#train#
1 am looking for a train,it should go to stansted airport and should leave after 13:30	i d love to help where are you departing from ?
2 the train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday	how does train tr1090 that leaves at 13:40 sound ?
3 that sounds like an excellent choice ! thank you for the help !	welcome at your service next time
4 can you make a booking for me ?	your train leaving at 13:40 from cambridge going to stansted airport has been booked your reference number is 39oy8nlr the total fee is 10.1 gbp payable at the station
5 i just need to verify that that booking is for 4 people if not can you change it ?	i have you for for reference is x06j64wk what else may i do ?
6 i think we have taken care of everything thank you so much for your time !	you re very welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west do you have any suggestions ?	i didn t find any records matching those criteria
2 how about an indian restaurant ?	there are several in the west area what is your address and i can find one that is closest to you ? do you want to walk ?
3 i just want to go to one you think is best please	you should definitely try cocum can i reserve a table for you ?
4 yes please i need a table for 4 people at 14:45 on thursday if not thursday i d like the same time on tuesday please send me the reference number	i was able to get you a table on thursday ref# xluim3sn is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no you ve been awesome thanks for all your help !	i hope you enjoy your meal goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food	i m sorry there aren t any restaurants serving christmas food would you like something else instead ?
2 how about chinese ?	there are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town do you have a price range preference ?
3 i don t care about price	peking restaurant is an expensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town would you like their information ?
4 yes i would like their address	the address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre is there any other information you require ?
5 what is the food type of that restaurant ?	they serve chinese food
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome good bye

#restaurant#
1 would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with scottish cuisine ?	i m sorry there aren t any is there anything else you could prefer ?
2 no not at this time i was really only hunting a restaurant with scottish cuisine thank you for your time	is there anything else i can assist you with ?
3 is there one available that serves chinese food ?	yes there are 4 when would you like me to reserve the table for you ?
4 yes monday 12:15 for four	i managed to successfully book a table in the rice house that is in the centre your reservation number is onc1aejc
5 that s wonderful thank you for your assistance bye !	no problem i m here to help goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want the creative food sir oh and this needs to be in the south as well	what is the price range you would prefer today ?
2 any price range will be fine	i m sorry but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry
3 how about chinese food ?	there s a restaurant that serves delicious chinese food called peking restaurant in the expensive range would you like their address and phone number ?
4 yes please	okay peking restaurant s number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 homerton street city centre is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no thank you and good bye	you re welcome ! goodbye !

#hotel#
1 can you check the availability at the university arms hotel for five people ?	what day would you like to book ?
2 thursday please	for just one day ?
3 actually for 5 nights and there will be 5 of us staying	sure thing ! your reference number is lw8pbd97
4 thank you so much that is all that i need for now have a wonderful day	you are welcome

#restaurant#
1 are there any cheap indian restaurants around ?	yes i have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town do you have a preference ?
2 yes i would prefer the centre	i think kohinoor the gandhi or mahal of cambridge would all suit you would you like to book a table at one of them ?
3 let s go with the first one kohinoor do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow ?	for what day please ?
4 wednesday like the girl from the adam s family	sorry there are no tables available would you like to try another restaurant ?
5 another place to eat any type centre and cheap	i was able to book you at the gandhi your reference number is r9xjc41b is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 actually i just found out that another couple will be joining us and we d like to eat at 17:15 can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time ?	yes sure your reference number for the new booking will be 47n2k0rg
7 thank you goodbye	you re welcome have a lovely day

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	how about charlie chan ? it is cheap and delicious
2 is there anything else ?	there is royal spice if you like indian and da vinci pizzeria if you like italian would you like more info on either of those ?
3 yes please	for which would you like more information the royal spice or the da vinci pizzeria
4 what is the phone number ?	royal spice s phone number is 01733 553355 and da vinci pizzeria s is 01223 351707
5 what is the postcode ?	the postcode is c.b 2 1 uj
6 what is the price range ?	they are in the cheap price range
7 thank you goodbye	thank you for choosing our system good bye

#attraction#
1 hello i am looking for people s portraits exhibition at girton college can you help me ?	yes i see the exhibition would you like the address ?
2 yes i would like the area and the postcode	it is located in the west at postcode cb3ojg anything else for you today ?
3 that is all i need for today thanks for your help !	have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food what is the address ?	wagamama serves japanese food and is in the center area of town the address is 36 saint andrews street
2 thank you !	is there anything else i can help you with ?
3 no thank you	have a great day thank you for using the services

#attraction#
1 i m looking for a nightclub to visit in the centre area	there are 5 nightclubs in the centre area there is ballare club salsa kambar soul tree nightclub and the fez club would you like more information on one ?
2 can i just get the address for ballare please ?	the ballare is located in heidelberg gardens lion yard is there anything else i can help you with today ?
3 oh no that answered all my questions thanks goodbye !	awesome glad we could help !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town	there is the golden wok for chinese food and the nirala for indian food
2 can i get the address and phone number ?	for which location would you like that address and phone number ?
3 for both please	golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688 the nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 thank you and goodbye	you re welcome thanks and goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train going to broxbourne	certainly where will you be departing from ?
2 i am leaving from cambridge heading to broxbourne	i have 133 trains fitting that criteria what time would you like to leave at ?
3 i d like to leave after 10:30	what day are you traveling ? and is this a booking just for yourself ?
4 i am leaving on thursday and can you please give me the travel time and price ?	sure train tr3262 is perfect and has a 60 minute travel time it costs 17.90 pounds would you like me to book it ?
5 that would be perfect thank you	i have you on that train and your reference number is u5n4fnsq is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 no that will be all for now	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
7 yes have a nice day	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre have a nice day !

#restaurant#
1 please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town	there are many restaurants in the centre of town are you looking for a specific kind of food ?
2 i am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town	i m sorry there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town would you like to try something else ?
3 how about turkish food ?	anatolia serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 bridge street city centre
4 what is price range ?	anatolia is moderately priced do you need additional information ?
5 no that is it thank you	thank you have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please	we have 23 locations like that any area preferences ?
2 in the north area please	that narrows it down to 10 locations do you have any kind of price range in mind ?
3 no i don t care about price but i do need to have free parking	i believe i would like worth house
4 that`s fine what is their address please ?	worth house is located at 152 chesterton road would you like to make a reservation ?
5 no thank you do they offer free parking ?	yes they do
6 wonderful i just need their postcode then please	yes it is cb41da
7 that is it thanks	thank you & have a good day

#restaurant#
1 is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food ?	no there are no restaurants in the center of town serving halal food
2 is there any restaurant in the centre serving spanish food ?	there are two spanish restaurants in the city centre what price range are you looking for ?
3 i don t care	la raza is located int he centre of town and is in the cheap price range
4 la raza sounds lovely may i have the number and postcode please ?	of course ! their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is c.b 2 3 ll is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 no thank you i have all i need goodbye !	good bye it was a pleasure to assist you
6 again goodbye !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant	ok i m showing a number of cheap restaurants in town which area do you prefer ?
2 i want somewhere in the center	there are many restaurants in the centre of town is there any particular type of food you desire ?
3 i made a mistake i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town	i have two restaurants available do you prefer italian or indian food ?
4 i prefer indian food	royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north
5 is there anything else ?	there is nothing else in the indian and cheap in the north part of town
6 how about that italian restaurant ?	da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north it s address is 20 milton road chesterton
7 thank you for the information goodbye	thank you have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre	how about cityroomz ? it is in the moderate price range
2 can you help me find a hotel in the cheap price range that includes free wifi ?	there are no results for a cheap hotel with free wifi in the centre area would you like to try a different area or guesthouse ?
3 try a guesthouse please	how about alexander bed and breakfast ?
4 is it cheap ? i don t have much money and do they have free wifi ?	yes it is cheap do you need a booking or just information ?
5 just information for now can you please give me the address ?	the address for alexander bed and breakfast is 56 saint barnabas road do you have any additional questions ?
6 that is all i needed thank you !	you are very welcome good day !

#restaurant#
1 hi i would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please	sadly there are no restaurants anywhere in cambridge that describe their food as "creative." we do have many restaurants in town though so i d be happy to look for something else
2 how about a restaurant that services chinese food ?	there are 10 chinese restaurants in the centre of town is there a specific price range you would like ?
3 i don t care about the price range can you just pick a good one for me ?	if money is no concern i would definitely recommend hk fusion it s in the centre of town and expensive it s located at 21 burleigh street city centre how does that sound ?
4 yes sounds good please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on saturday	that was unsuccessful would you like another day or time slot ?
5 is 11:15 on saturday available ?	that booking was successful a reservation was made for 6 people at hk fusion on saturday at 11:15 reference is arwfxldl can i help with anything else ?
6 nothing else i look forward to the meal thank you for all your help	you re very welcome thanks for using our service

#attraction#
1 hey there can you help me find a swimming pool here in the city ?	we have four such places got a preference for area ?
2 not really no any area will do can you recommend one and provide me the phone number ?	the parkside pools is in the centre area phone number 01223446100 can i help you any further ?
3 no actually that is just the information i needed thanks and have a good day	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food	there are no restaurants for austrian food matching your request
2 what about british food ?	there are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve british food saint johns chop house in the west and cotto restaurant one seven the copper kettle and the oak bistro in the city centre
3 saint johns chop house sounds good could you give me the phone number ?	yes here it is 01223 353110
4 thank you so much	can i help you with anything else today ?
5 that s it goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#hotel#
1 i need a place to stay please a hotel would be great	there are 9 hotels available is there a certain area of the city you would like to stay in ?
2 no but i m looking for a place with a 5 start rating and it should also have free parking	my records do not show any 5 star hotels with free parking however the huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel with free parking would that be okay ?
3 the huntingdon marriott would be perfect	perfect ! can you tell me how many nights people and what day you ll be arriving ?
4 please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday	i could not get a room for you there i was able to get one at gonville hotel your reference number is a4ij54q is there anything else ?
5 okay thank you for all your help	enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 are there any indonesian restaurants in the centre ?	there are no restaurants that meet that criteria would you like to try another area of the city ?
2 no i would like an expensive restaurant though	there are quite a few i might recommend la mimosa it serves mediterranean food does that sound good ?
3 i m not a fan of mediterranean is there a sushi spot somewhere close ?	i can t find any sushi places for you how about another ?
4 let s try expensive italian food i need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45 can you help me ?	i made your reservation at stazione restaurant and coffee bar for wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people have fun !
5 thank you can i get the reference number for my reservation ?	the booking was unsuccessful do you have another preference ?
6 yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range ?	i was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is g4t03zz7
7 okay thank you very much	you re welcome ! please let me know if you need anything else

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a place to eat on the west side something moderately priced please	certainly on the west side we have saint john s chop house meghna and prezzo do any of those sound good ?
2 do any of those serve british food ?	yes saint johns chop house serves british food would you like to book a table if so how many people will be dining ?
3 i only need the restaurant s address phone number and postcode	saint johns chop house is located at 21 - 24 northampton street postcode cb30ad the phone number is 01223353110 is there any other information you need ?
4 no that should be all thank you so much for your assistance !	thank you for using our system !

#hotel#
1 i need a four star room free wifi too	there are 21 hotels that meet that criteria what area of the city would you like to stay in ?
2 any area is fine however i do require free parking and in a cheap price range please	the autumn house would be perfect for you it is a 4 star guesthouse on the east end of town would you like me to book a room for you ?
3 yes i would like a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting sunday please	booking was unsuccessful want to try another option ?
4 okay how about a different place to stay that s cheap ?	i booked the alexander bed and breakfast for you your reference number is tq7xk6mp for your arrival on sunday is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that would be all thanks !	would you like for me to book reservations for restaurants and museums ?

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse	okay what part of town do you want to stay in ?
2 any part of town as long as it includes free parking	i need a hotel with free parking
3 you read my mind yes free parking	do you have a specific pricerange you are looking for ?
4 no i m not picky	how about acorn house ? they have excellent reviews
5 yes if acorn house has free parking please book my reservation	what is your arrival date and how many days will you be staying please ?
6 i m sorry i don t need a reservation could you just confirm the price range postcode and what area that is in ?	the acorn house is moderately priced 4 stars and in the north
7 thanks so much i won t be needing anything further today	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 hi can you help me find a place to stay ? i d like a hotel on the north side please	the acorn guest house is a 4-star guesthouse in the north it has free parking and wifi and is in the moderate price range would you like a room ?
2 that sounds like what i am looking for yes i d like to book a room	great ! when would you like to stay ?
3 i would like to book a room for 3 days starting tuesday there is a total of 3 people	sorry they don t have those dates available would you like me to try for other days or another location ?
4 can you try for just 1 night then ?	sorry the acorn is not open then shall i try somewhere else that fits your criteria ?
5 yes whatever you can find	good news the acorn just opened up for one night your reference number is ukmnfd3q can i help you with anything else today ?
6 thanks i think that s all i need right now bye	glad i could help have a nice stay bye

#attraction#
1 i am getting ready to go off to college i thought while i was in town maybe i could visit one	great idea ! there are 18 entries found ! what area of town would you like to visit ?
2 i think i d like to visit the centre	there are 13 colleges in the city center but i recommend visiting downing college and it is free to get in
3 great ! can i have the address please ?	sure it s located at regent street
4 great thank you very much that s all i need	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food	there are no restaurants that seve christmas food
2 how about asian oriental food ?	saigon city serves asian oriental food as is in the north part of town
3 that sounds like it will work may i have the address and phone number please ?	saigon city has an address of 169 high street chesterton their phone number is 01223 356555
4 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant phone system enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi	i have found many options is there a price range you were looking for ?
2 it should be in the moderate price range with free parking	i have 12 such places i d suggest the acorn guest house which has 4 stars would you like to book a room ?
3 yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from sunday	howe about the archway house they have rooms your reference number is vcecu7m4 is that okay ?
4 yes that s perfect ! thank you so much for your help	thanks for calling have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre	we have 21 entries that match do you have a preference on type of food ?
2 i d like lebanese food please	ali baba serves lebanese food in the town centre at a moderate price range would you like to make a booking ?
3 yes please i need a table for 3 at 18:45 on a tuesday	i was unable to find you a table at that time is there another time that would work for you ?
4 i guess we could move it an hour earlier if that s better ?	that worked you have a table at 17:45 with reference number 2s4uxxs3 can i help with anything else today ?
5 that s all i needed thanks for your help	no problem happy to help

#restaurant#
1 i want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food	sorry there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving panasian food
2 italian food please phone number and postcode please	frankie and bennys serves italian food in the south part of town the phone number is 01223 412430 and the postcode is c.b 1 7 dy
3 sorry what type of food do they serve ?	they serve italian food
4 what is the price range ?	they are quite expensive
5 thank you for your help good bye	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 hello i m trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves moroccan food can you help me ?	there are no restaurants that match your request would you like to search for another food type or price range ?
2 how about vietnamese food ?	thanh binh is in the cheap price range and serves vietnamese food
3 could i have the phone number please ?	the phone number is 01223 362456
4 thank you goodbye	my pleasure goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side	there are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria is there a type of cuisine you would prefer ?
2 i don t have a preference	i have a listing for cambridge lodge restaurant that serves british food,can i book you a table there ?
3 that sounds good i would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on sunday	i m sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like me to try another time or another restaurant ?
4 is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range ?	yes i can book you at graffiti the reference number is uyw8jk6t may i help with anything else ?
5 i think that is all thank you cheers	good day

#restaurant#
1 hello i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town	do you want curry prince ?
2 is there anything else ?	there are two other moderately priced restaurants on the east side pizza hut fen ditton serving italian food and rajmahal another indian restaurant
3 what is the address phone number and type of food of one of them ?	rajmahal is the indian restaurant they are at 7 barnwell road fen ditton and their number is 01223 244955
4 thank you good bye	thank you and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a german restaurant in the west	there are no german restaurants available in the west would you like to try a different area or different food type ?
2 how about one that serves british food instead ?	there are three british restaurants in the west what price range are you considering ?
3 i m looking for meals under 30$ a person i need to book for 3 at 16:15 on wednesday	the restaurant saint johns chop house is the only restaurant to your specifications with a moderate pricing would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 yes please and i will need a reference number	your booking is successful and your reference number is czt3la0m is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you that is great	thanks !
6 have a good day !	enjoy your time !

#hotel#
1 i would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking	i have 3 hotels that meet your criteria 2 are in the west and one is in the centre do you have a preference ?
2 the hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking	university arms hotel has 4 starts and free parking would you like me to book it for you ?
3 yes please 8 people for 2 nights starting on saturday	booking was successful reference number is : 1vqqlh6r
4 thank you that is all i needed	great ! have a nice day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for information on the warkworth house	what information are you seeking ?
2 i need a reservation at the warkworth house for 4 nights just one person starting on tuesday	i am sorry that is unavailable can i help you find another guesthouse ?
3 is there another hotel available that is in the same price range ?	i found one called carolina bed and breakfast same price range starts and both internet and parking would you like me to make your reservation there ?
4 perfect could you make the same booking for me ?	booked ! reference number is: l66tsmya
5 thank you so much for all your help !	you are welcome enjoy your stay
6 i know we will thanks so much good-bye	thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre have a wonderful day !

#train#
1 i need to book a train departing from cambridge after 9:15	where are you heading to ?
2 i am going to stevenage on wednesday	i was able to find a train for you at 9:21 would you like me to book it for you ?
3 could you tell me what the price of this trip is ?	it should cost around 12.80 pounds anything else ?
4 yes what s the train id and what time does it arrive ?	tr8913 will arrive by 10:10
5 great that is all i need	okay glad i could be of assistance

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town	you have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town ! what type of food sounds good to you ? there are italian restaurants indian spanish chinese and more
2 how about chinese ? can you book me a table for 3 people at 18:15 on a sunday ?	i m sorry none of the chinese restaurants are available at that time is there another day or time that would work for you ?
3 ok i ll try for a little earlier how about 17:15 ?	booked at charlie chan ! your table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is ygwcxmk4
4 thanks so much i think that was all i needed have a great day	thank you enjoy your meal

#train#
1 i would like to find an italian restaurant open for dinner ?	i will need more information on what you are looking for what area and what time ?
2 i am looking for a train departing from london liverpool street on thursday to go to cambridge	there are multiple trains available by what time do you need to depart or arrive ?
3 i need to arrive by 09:30 the booking is for me only and i will need a reference number please	how about the tr4204 ? it will arrive by 9:07
4 that sounds good please book me for one person and give me the reference number	all done you have 1 ticket on tr4204 your reference number is 834poxtx can i do anything else for you ?
5 no that s everything today thank you	have a good trip thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am in the past of town can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range ?	do you have a specific food type in mind ?
2 i do not care about the type of food	the bloomsbury restaurant serves many differnt types of food
3 is it in the west part of town ?	unfortuntately bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre of town would you like for me to search in the west side ?
4 yes west please	the meghna is one on the west side
5 great ! could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant ?	the phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 victoria road chesterton can i help you with anything else today ?
6 thank you goodbye	you re welcome goodbye

#hotel#
1 howdy ! i m in town for the night and need a place to stay i d like a four star joint with free parking if you please	nice ! i hope you enjoy this beautiful city i found 5 hotels for you what is your price range ?
2 i don t have a price range as long as it s nice	is there a particular area of the city where you d like to stay ?
3 no i don t care about the area either but do you have a guesthouse ?	i have 16 guesthouses that are 4 star and have parking do you have any other requirements to help narrow the search ?
4 do any of those have free wifi ?	yes there are a number of hotels with wifi archway house is one of them that i can recommend
5 sure what is its address and price range ?	archway house is in the moderate price range they are located at: 52 gilbert road anythign else you need ?
6 what is the price range ?	i m sorry i only know that it is moderately priced can i book a room for you ?
7 no that s fine	is there anything else you will need today ?
8 no that s all thanks !	you have a nice day good bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a hotel in the centre of town	how about the alexander bed and breakfast ?
2 i d prefer an unrated place i don t need free parking or wifi for what it s worth	i have the el shaddai and the cityroomz that are not rated would you like to book one of these ?
3 actually come to think of it i might need free wifi do either of those offer that ?	yes they both do ! do either fancy your interest ?
4 yes can you please send me the address for el shaddai ?	sure el shaddai s address is 41 warkworth street would you like me to book a reservation there ?
5 no that s all i need thanks !	no problem happy to help

#train#
1 i need a train to cambridge	ok when and where are you leaving from ?
2 i ll be leaving from bishops stortford on saturday and i need to get to cambridge at or a little before 14:00	i can get you a train arriving at cambridge at 12:07 how many tickets will you be needing ?
3 just one please	i booked train id tr4594 your price is 8.08 pounds is there anything else i can do for you ?
4 yes i need the reference number for the booking please	yes that is mkl2a4kd is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that s all thank you very much for your help	you are welcome have a nice day

#restaurant#
1 yes i would like to find spanish food in the center of town	you re in luck i have two options for you one is in the cheaper price range the other is listed as moderately priced do you have a preference ?
2 let s go with the cheap one i ll need a table for 7 on sunday at 12:15 please	unfortunately the booking was not successful
3 can you try on saturday 7 people at 12:15	yes you re booked for saturday with reference number v54fg5x2 the table will be reserved for 15 minutes may i help with anything else ?
4 no that s all i need thanks for your help !	thank you goodbye !

#restaurant#
1 i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north	unfortunately i was unable to find a mexican restaurant in the north is there anything else i can help you with ?
2 how about a chinese restaurant ?	the hotpot sounds like a good idea need a reservation ?
3 yes please 6 people at 11:30 on sunday	i m so sorry but i wasn t able to make that reservation for you may i try on another day or at another time ?
4 yes let s shoot for the same thing but on wednesday instead okay ?	i was able to get you that reservation on wednesday the table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival
5 may i have the reference number please ?	absolutely the reference number is w92c2z47 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
6 that was all thanks	did you say you also needed a taxi to the restaurant ?
7 no i don t need that anymore thanks have a great day !	you as well thanks for calling goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find information for the restaurant called the missing sock	the missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east would you like more information ?
2 no that s it thank you	thank you be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations

#restaurant#
1 i need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish	there s no resturant serving polish food do you want something else ?
2 ok how about a thai restaurant ? i want address and phone number	bangkok city is a thai restaurant it s address is 24 green street city centre and phone number is 01223 354382
3 thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway	yes we can help you with that it is located at 82 cherry hinton road cherry hinton the phone number is 01223244149 is there anything else you would like to know ?
2 can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on tuesday ?	i am sorry booking was unsuccessful for that time can i help you find a place in the same area and type of food ?
3 no thank you i will think of something else once i call a friend	is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 yes actually i d like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as the good luck chinese food takeaway	great ! you re booked at peking restaurant with reference number v6teun6t may i help with anything else ?
5 great ! thank you for your time nothing else for now goodbye	thank you for using our system

#hotel#
1 i m looking for the lensfield hotel can you help me find it ?	yes of course it is located at 53-57 lensfield road would you like me to book you a reservation ?
2 no thank you could you give me the postcode and tell me if they have free parking ?	yes they have free parking the postcode is cb21en is there anything else you d like to know about this hotel ?
3 no that s all i needed thanks ! bye !	you are welcome goodbye !

#train#
1 i would like to book a train i need to go to peterborough on thursday	what station will you be departing from ?
2 i ll be leaving from cambridge thanks	i have a train leaving cabridge for peterborough thursday at 05:06
3 great ! please make a booking for 3 people	i ve booked 3 tickets for you and the fee is 49.5 gbp and your reference number is 17osnisb
4 thanks very much for your help	great ! have a nice day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train from kings lynn	i have 133 trains that match that criteria do you have an arrival time in mind ?
2 i would like to travel on thursday	ok and at what time ?
3 i d like to go after 10:00	i have train tr6298 leaving kings lynn at 10:11 and arrives in cambridge at 10:58 it costs 9.80 pounds and runs for 47 mins can i interest you in that one ?
4 please book that for 8 people please give me the reference number	reference number is : z898a328 is there anything else that i can do for you ?
5 thank you so much for your help no that is all	you re welcome have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i m hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre	no problem ! what type of food were you interested in ?
2 i would love to have some indian food please	i ve found 3 restaurants in that area: kohinoor the gandhi and mahal of cambridge
3 would you see if any of those are available on wednesday at 14:45 for 5 people ? thanks	i was able to get you a table at the gandhi your reference number is myume8fr and they ll hold the table for 15 minutes can i help you with anything else ?
4 thank you ! there will be nothing else goodbye	have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i need a restaurant of moderate price in the west	there are three moderately priced restaurants in the west would you prefer british indian or italian food ?
2 i would like to eat british food please	i recommend the saint johns chop house it should suit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you ?
3 no thanks can i get the address with postcode please ?	the address is 21-24 northampton street and the post code is cb30ad
4 thanks that s all i needed today goodbye !	thank you have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food	there are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food are there any other restaurants you would like to try ?
2 how about french ?	restaurant two two serves french food would you like the location information ?
3 if you could give me the phone number that would be great	the phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that does it thank you and goodbye !	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food what is the address and phone number ?	nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and their phone number is 01223 327908
2 ok thanks	is there anything else we can help you with ?
3 that is all thank you goodbye	goodbye

#train#
1 i am looking for a train	sure thing could you tell me where you re departing from where you re arriving and when you d like to travel by train ?
2 i need to leave on thursday from cambridge	what is your destination ?
3 i am heading to the stansted airport just myself and i need to leave after 17:00 go ahead and book it and give me the reference number	i have booked your train 10.1 gbp is payable at the station and the reference number is vphsfwc9 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you that is all i need	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
5 yes they have thank you !	it has been my pleasure ! don t hesitate to contact us again if you require any additional assistance

#train#
1 i d like a train to london kings cross to arrive by 21:15	sure which day would you like to travel ?
2 i am travelling on thursday and going to cambridge	might i suggest train tr6595 leaving cambridge at 19:00 and arriving at london kings cross at 19:51 would that work for you ?
3 yes that does work could you book it for 1 person please ?	okay i went ahead and reserved your ticket for train id tr6595 the cost will be 23.6 gbp payable at the station and your reference number is gktt3otz
4 that s everything i needed thank you !	you re welcome have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i m in search of a place to stay a hotel please with free parking	yes there are many can i get the area and price range you are looking for in the hotel ?
2 it would be great if it included wifi and was in the north	i show 2 hotels that meet that criteria would you like more details on them ?
3 yes please,parking and wifi and car rental	both hotels have parking and wifi would you like to book one ?
4 yes i need the reference number too	please tell me the day you will be checking in how many people and how many nights ?
5 friday 5 nights beginning this friday	i also need to know the number of people staying please
6 there will be 3 people	the ashley hotel s book was unsuccessful would you like me to try lovell lodge ?
7 yes as long as it s in the same price range	the lovell lodge is in the same price range and i was able to book that for you ref#t03205pr can i help you with anything else today ?
8 that is everything thank you	sure enjoy your stay goodbye !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train to peterborough	ok and what day and time are you looking for ?
2 i am looking to go from cambridge to peterborough and leave after 14:15	there are 133 trains making that trip do you have a day you prefer ?
3 i ll be traveling on tuesday	great you can leave as soon as 14:34 or as late as 23:24 do you have a preference ?
4 i will take the 14:34 can you book that for 4 people and provide me with a reference number please ?	yes certainly i have you booked and your reference number is 8crqiyb0
5 thank you so much ! goodbye !	have a great day !

#hotel#
1 are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking ?	yes do you have a preference for the hotel s area or price range ?
2 are there any available for less than $200 a night ?	there are several alexander bed and breakfast is cheap and is in the centre would you like me to book that ?
3 is that a 2 star hotel ?	no it has 4 stars
4 let s try a hotel type with free parking in the centre of town with a star of 2	i m sorry i have no 2 star hotels in the center of town however i have some in other parts of town would you care to modify your search criteria ?
5 how about for 2 nights ?	the only 2 star hotels are in the north or the east do you mind staying in one of those areas ?
6 yes that would be fine with me	how about the ashley hotel ? it is on the north side of town has 2 stars free wifi and parking and is moderately priced
7 can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday	unfortunately the rooms are unavailable for that day and time can i try a shorter stay for you or possibly a different day ?
8 how about for 2 nights ?	yes i was able to successfully book you for two nights is there anything else you need ?
9 can i have the reference number and address please ?	of course ! the reference number is qzysomaw and the address is 74 chesterton road may i help with anything else ?
10 nope that s all i need thanks for your help !	we re glad to be of service and please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help while you re in cambridge !

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for a moderately priced restaurant	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 chinese food	i m showing 4 restaurants matching that description 3 in the city centre and 1 in the north do you have a preference for area ?
3 could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north ?	golden wok is in the north area its phone number is 01223 350688 their address is 191 histon road chesterton
4 thank you goodbye	enjoy !

#attraction#
1 i m trying to find a good museum in town	there are a multitude of museums in town what side of town are you in ?
2 i am open to any side of town !	would you be interested in broughton house gallery ?
3 that would be great can i get the postcode please ?	sure the postcode is cb11ln is there anything else i can answer for you today ?
4 no that s all you ve been a great help thanks i m sure my visit will be fun goodbye !	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town	how about nandos a portuguese place ?
2 is there anything else available ?	the lucky star is also a cheap restaurant in the south part of town it serves chinese food
3 ok can you give me the address of the lucky star ?	the lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton is there anything else i can help you with today ?
4 no that would be all thank you and good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#hotel#
1 i am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me	i found five guesthouses in order to narrow down the choices would you like one that has internet or parking ?
2 well i would like one that s in a moderate price range it needs to include free parking	there are 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and all have parking i apologise for the earlier error do you have a preference to star numbers ?
3 no that doesn t matter i need to book one for wednesday	how about the archway house ? how manny days would you like to stay and how many in your group ?
4 yes that works i d like to book 3 days for 7 people i also need the reference number as well	i m afraid there s no availability for that time can we try a different day or length of stay ?
5 2 nights then	i am sorry that hotel is not open for that booking should i try another hotel ?
6 yes please something in the north again	actually i was able to book archway house for you after all 2 nights your reference number is mhah7nwt do you need anything else ?
7 nope i think i m all set thank you kindly	you re very welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre !

#restaurant#
1 i am starving !	what would you like to eat ?
2 indian food in the centre please	there are a few of those what price point are you looking for ?
3 i don t have a price range in mind can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria ?	how about kohinoor ? it s a cheap indian restaurant in the center would you like a reservation ?
4 that sounds great can you just give me the postcode ?	the postcode for kohinoor is cb12as is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 one more thing what s the price range ?	kohinoor is a cheap restaurant
6 wonderful that s all i need !	great have a wonderful evening !

#train#
1 i need a train going from stevenage to cambridge	there are several trains available what day and time would you like to travel ?
2 i would like to leave on tuesday and need to arrive by 09:00	tr5737 will arrive in cambridge tuesday by 8:43 will this suit your needs ?
3 yes can i also please have the departure time and travel time for this trip ?	departure time for tr5737 is 07:54 and duration is 49 minutes
4 yes thank you that is all	okay great glad i could be of assistance today

#restaurant#
1 i m in the east part of town and i d like to find a nearby scandinavian restaurant	there are no venues selling scandinavian food in the east part of town
2 how about indian food give me their address and phone number	there are four restaurants in the east part of town serving indian food what price range would you like ?
3 it doesn t matter	curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves indian food
4 can i have the phone number please ?	curry prince s phone number is 01223 566388 can i help you with anything else ?
5 i need their address	of course it is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton c.b 5 8 j.j
6 thank you goodbye	you re very welcome thank you and have a good day goodbye

#train#
1 i d like to find a train that leaves after 17:00 on saturday	absolutely i need departure and destination information and a time you need to arrive by
2 i ll be departing from broxbourne and i d like to go to cambridge	i have 7 available the first leaves at 17:32 and arrives at 18:32 would you like me to book that for you ?
3 i m not looking to book at the moment can i just get the train id ? thanks !	of course ! tr0811 leaves at 17:32 arrives at 18:32 with a duration of 60 minutes the price is 14.32 pounds may i assist you with anything else ?
4 that is all i need for today thank you goodbye	okay glad i could help enjoy your trip

#restaurant#
1 i d like something moderately priced please	do you care what type of food ?
2 no the type of food doesn t matter	yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the moderate price range
3 what is the phone number ?	the phone number for yippee noodle bar is 01223 518111
4 thank you for giving me the information good bye	goodbye

#train#
1 yes i would like a train ticket for sunday i m going to london kings cross	sure where will you be leaving from ?
2 i ll be leaving from cambridge and i need to get to kings cross by 10:00	the tr3207 leaves at 07:00 and arrives at 07:51 would you like that one ?
3 that sounds good please book it for 6 people and can i have the reference number ?	train tr3207 is booked for 6 people the reference number is baal6j4h and the total fee is 113.28 gbp payable at the station
4 thank you that s everything i needed	okay glad i could be of assistance

#restaurant#
1 i want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town what is the address and phone number ?	i show several expensive restaurants on the south side of town what kind of food would you like ?
2 any kind i don t care also give me the phone number and address	frankie and bennys is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range their address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430
3 thank you goodbye	goodbye

#attraction#
1 i m in the centre of town and need suggetions on things to see	i have 44 entries for attractions are you looking for architecture colleges parks nightclubs or maybe a museum ?
2 nothing particular what is your favorite attraction in the centre of town ?	you might enjoy the cambridge punter it s a boat
3 sounds fun do you know the entrance fee ?	i m sorry it is not listed but if you d like to call them the phone number is 07807718591 can i help you with anything else ?
4 that will be all today thank you very much	thank you for contacting the help desk have a great day

#restaurant#
1 i need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i don t care	there s a restaurant that serves international food called the missing sock does that sound good ?
3 what is the address ?	their address is finders corner newmarket road
4 how about their postcode ?	their postcode is cb 1 7 d.y
5 thank you goodbye	thank you good bye

#train#
1 i want to leave for cambridge by train on wednesday	okay where are you departing from ?
2 i ll be coming from london kings cross	when do you want to leave london kings cross ?
3 i will leave on wednesday	how about tr5725 that leaves at 05:17 ?
4 that will work will you please book it for 5 people ?	it is booked and your reference number is ekdnfgb7 is there anything else ?
5 that is all i needed thanks !	you are more than welcome !

#hotel#
1 hello i m looking for a hotel in the centre can you help me	university arms hotel is located in the centre of town
2 what is the price range for that ?	the university arms hotel is an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating would that work for you ?
3 no i need a moderately priced hotel do you have one of those ?	i have the cityroomz it is a moderate price hotel in the center would you like me to book that for you ?
4 i m sorry but i do need an expensive hotel not a guesthouse with free parking in the center of town	gonville hotel is a nice place.would you like me to book it or do you want the adress ?

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food	the bedouin serves african food at 100 mill road city centre would you like to make a booking ?
2 i would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please	bedouin is expensive would you like to book there ?
3 yes i want to book a table for 3 people on tuesday at 19:45	that time slot is unavailable is there another time slot you want to book ?
4 could you try 18:45 instead ?	your table has been reserved at for 3 at 18:45 on tuesday the reference number is ie3wwfdn
5 thank you very much have a great day	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a cheap italian restaurant please	i have some in the north center and west side do you have a preference in area ?
2 no no preference please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at 17:45 on monday	i m sorry but none of the italian restaurants have reservations available at that time do you want me to check for a different time ?
3 yes i ll try for a little earlier how about 16:45 ?	booked at la margherita ! your reference number is ng7au0y2 your table will be held for 15 minutes
4 thank you very much for your help !	you re welcome have a great day !

#train#
1 i m looking for a train on saturday that will take me into cambridge	where will you depart from ?
2 i will be departing from norwich	there are 19 trains do you have a time you d like to travel ?
3 yes i need to arrive by 20:00	i have one arriving at 19:35 it leaves norwich at 18:16 does that work ?
4 sure they are normally on time could you book that for 2 people please ?	certainly i have booked you on the 18:16 arriving at 19:35 for 2 people your reference number is c4o2xoza will that be all ?
5 yes thanks for your help !	it was my pleasure to help have a wonderful day

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating	there are no hotels that meet that criteria would you like me to expand the search a bit ?
2 yes can you find guesthouses meeting that criteria ?	i m sorry there are no hotels or guest houses matching that criteria
3 can you locate a cottage that offers what i am looking for	there are no cottages
4 could you please try guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star then ?	i have 16 entries matching that criteria what part of town and price range would you prefer ?
5 could find one in a moderate or cheap price range ?	sure there are a few can i book you a room at one of them ? how about the acorn guest house ?
6 yes go ahead and try that please	how many people are you wanting to book the hotel for ?
7 for 8 people starting from sunday for 4 nights please	the booking for the acorn guest house was unsuccessful would you like me to look for another hotel for you ?
8 yes please in the same price range if possible	i have the arbury lodge guesthouse in the same area and price range,would you like me to book that one ?
9 yes please try to book that for me thank you	i have successfully booked that for you your reference number is 6nuu0t68 is there anything else i can help you with today ?
10 nope that s all for me thanks for your help goodbye !	you re welcome have a great day !

#hotel#
1 i am looking for a place to stay the hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4	i am sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in that area would you like me to look up another type of hotel for you ?
2 no thank you i ll have to figure something else out	there are 6 guesthouses in the east with 4-star ratings in the moderate to cheap range are you interested ?
3 no that s all that i need thanks good bye	great ! have a nice day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train departing from london kings cross	there are 70 trains departing what is your destination ?
2 i would like to arrive in cambridge on tuesday by 17:00	of course when would you like to leave ?
3 it does not matter as long as i am in cambridge by 17:00	sure train tr0269 arrives by 16:08 that is the last train to arrive by 17:00 would you like to book it ?
4 yes please book the train for 4 people	that booking reference will be f6jidi3m is there anything else i can help you with today ?
5 no that s all i needed thank you	okay glad we could help

#restaurant#
1 know anywhere that has european food ?	sure there are lots of good european restaurants in town is there a price range that you prefer ?
2 yes actually can we find something in the moderate price range ?	how about the galleria in the town centre ? i could make a reservation for you if you wish
3 that would be greatly appreciated i will have one other person with me this will be on sunday at 18:15 also could i get the reference number ?	you are all set for sunday the reference number is 7w544x5o is there anything else i could help you with ?
4 no you have been very helpful thank you	thank you for using our service have all of your needs been met ?
5 that should be all i need thank you	you re welcome thank you for using the cambridge towninfo centre
6 thanks i appreciate it bye !	alright thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 yes i need help locating pizza hut city centre	sure the pizza hut city centre is located at regent street city centre their postcode is cb21ab can i help with anything else today ?
2 what is the price range ?	they re listed as cheap
3 do you have their phone number ?	yes it s 01223323737 is there anything else i can help with ?
4 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	you re welcome have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant	what type of food are you looking for ?
2 i m looking for unusual food and i want a place in the centre of town	i don t have anything matching unusual but i do have an african restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs would either interest you ?
3 i ll take something that is cheap	there are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre is there another type you would like to try ?
4 do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest ?	i would recommend golden house
5 is that italian ? i would like an italian restaurant please	okay how about the pizza hut city centre ? i heard it s pretty good
6 okay that sounds good i need to make a reservation for 2 people on tuesday	what time would you like to visit ?
7 how about 13:15 ?	i was able to book the table for you it will be reserved for 15 minutes the reference number is 97aaf776
8 that s great thank you	awesome have a good day !

#restaurant#
1 i am looking to eat moderate priced british food	i have five eateries that are british in that price range do you have a preference of area ?
2 i want it to be in the centre	restaurant one seven is a restaurant meeting your preferences there are 3 others that also meet your preferences
3 that one sounds good can i get the address and post code ?	the address is de vere university arms regent street city centre the post code is cb21ab
4 great and what is the phone number ?	the number is 01223337766
5 that will be all thanks	you re welcome have a good day goodbye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a cheap hotel	alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse east of cambridge center that is cheap would you like more information ?
2 does it have a star of 4 i don t care if it has free parking	alexander bed and breakfast does have a 4 star rating would you like help to book a room ?
3 actually you mentioned its in the east i really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 4-star rated it can be a guesthouse or hotel	the alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town would you like me to book it for you ?
4 yes i m travelling with my family so i need a room for 7 people for 4 nights arriving thursday	sorry that booking was unavailable perhaps you d like a different day or a shorter stay ?
5 can you see if they have just 2 nights available ?	i m sorry that time is not available can we try a short length of stay or different day ?
6 are you sure the alexander is in the centre ? you said earlier that it s in the east	yes it s in the centre
7 please double check and make sure the booking is good	yes i was able to book that the reference number is u0jt0yz8 do you need anything else ?
8 that is all for today thank you	no problem i m glad i could help

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food	there are no malaysian restaurants in this area
2 i am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food	i have found several restaurants serving asian oriental food what area of town do you prefer ?
3 i don t care	does the price range matter ?
4 i don t care	might i suggest the dojo noodle bar they are located in the centre of town and they are cheap would you like their phone number ?
5 yes and their address too	dojo noodle bar is located at 40210 millers yard city centre and their phone number is 01223 363471 is there anything else that i can help you with today ?
6 what is the postcode ?	the postcode for dojo noodle bar is cb 1 7 d.y
7 no that will be all thank you and goodbye !	you re welcome good bye and have a great day !
8 you too	thanks !

#restaurant#
1 i want to find a place that serves halal food can you help me ? not too expensive please	i cannot find any restaurants serving halal food would you like something different ?
2 how about european food instead ?	the river bar steakhouse and grill is a modern european restaurant that looks like the least expensive option available it is located in the centre of town how does that sound ?
3 that sounds good may i have their address and postcode please ?	the river bar is located at quayside off bridge street the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq
4 thank you goodbye	goodbye and enjoy your meal !

#hotel#
1 i need to find lodgings on the north side of town	we have 13 available lodging areas in the north any preferences ?
2 some place in the north and it does not need to have free parking	there are 2 locations that match your criteria the alpha-milton guest house with a 3 star rating and the avalon with a 4 star rating do either of these sound good ?
3 is the avalon a hotel or a guesthouse ?	the avalon is a guesthouse would it interest you ? if so i can help you book a room if you like ?
4 yes please i would arrive tuesday and need to book for 3 people it will be a 4 night stay can i get a reference number please ?	i have reserved your room at the avalon reference number 2asa82vj can i help you with anything else ?
5 that s all i need thanks	thank you good bye

#restaurant#
1 i need an east restaurant i want to try some canapes food	i m sorry but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town
2 then could you recommend a chinese restaurant ?	yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east part of town
3 address phone number and postcode please	yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and their number is 01223 248882 also their postcode is c.b 5 8 pa is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no thank you goodbye	thank you
5 goodbye	enjoy your meal

#restaurant#
1 cheap restaurant please	what type of cuisine would you prefer ?
2 do you have any serves jamaican food ?	there aren t any jamaican restaurants nearby would you like another type of cuisine ?
3 how about mediterranean ?	yes the gardenia serves mediterranean would you like their phone number ?
4 yes and the postcode please	the gardenia s phone number is 01223 356354 and the postcode is c.b 2 3 ll is there anything else i can help you with ?
5 no thank you goodbye	have a nice day goodbye

#train#
1 i need a train into cambridge leaving after 20:30 please	i have 259 trains travelling to cambridge could you be more specific on where you re departing from and what day/time ?
2 i m leaving london liverpool street on sunday after 20:30	there are 2 trains one leaves at 21:39 and one at 23:39
3 there are none closer to a 20:30 departure ?	the only other train for that route leaves at 21:39 and arrives in cambridge by 23:07 that is train tr4890 would that suit you better ?
4 that works what is the price on that ? and how long is the ride ?	price is 13.28 pounds and the ride is 88 minutes shall i get you some tickets ?
5 no i m not ready to book yet thanks for your help i am all set	you re very welcome can i help you with anything else ?
6 that is all thank you	you have a great day and thank you for using our services

#restaurant#
1 i d like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please	unfortunately i was not able to locate a panasian restaurant in that area would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant ?
2 oh no well i ll take chinese food then	great choice ! we have 10 restaurants in that area do you have a preference on price ?
3 no i don t care about the price which one looks good ?	tang chinese is listed at expensive would you like more information ?
4 can i have the phone number address and postcode ?	yes the address is napier street city centre the postcode is cb11hr and the phone number is 01223357187
5 that s all i needed today thank you	enjoy your meal let me know if i can help with any thing else

#hotel#
1 i want to find a place to stay in the north with free parking	i have several hotels in the north that offer free parking do you have a preferred price range so that i can narrow it down for you a bit ?
2 yes i would prefer a moderate price range	the acorn guest house appears to meet your criteria would you like more details on this hotel ?
3 that sounds great could you make the reservations for me there then ? i will be there sunday with 3 people and we will stay for 2 nights	i am sorry the acorn doesn t have a room available then how about another hotel ?
4 no,lets try ext weekend,see if you can book it for then ?	i m sorry there is still no availibility would you like to try a different hotel then ?
5 yes same price range	hamilton lodge has the same amenities and is right next door would you like me to book that property for you ?
6 yes please	booked ! reference number: 2ba346ma
7 okay great thank you very much	you re welcome is there anything else i can help you with today ?
8 that will be all thank you for your help	no problem have a great day good-bye

#hotel#
1 i need a hotel in the south	i have one hotel that is expensive and in the south may i book it for you ?
2 does this hotel include free parking ?	yes all of the hotels that satisfy your constraints have free parking slots
3 ok so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday please	i m sorry there was misunderstanding there is only one hotel and it s unfortunately full however i can try to book you a room in guesthouse ?
4 that s a pity ok but i want it to be expensive alright ?	i m sorry to inform you but there are only guesthouses only in moderate and cheap price range
5 unlucky day for me alright let s go with moderate one	i m happy to inform you that you have a booked apartment at aylesbray lodge your reference number is sujvd6r6
6 finally some good news great thanks for help bye !	i m there to help you enjoy your stay !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant in the west part of town	there are several restaurants in the west part of town would you like something in the expensive moderate or cheap price range ?
2 i don t care	what type of food would you like ?
3 canapes food	i am sorry there are no restaurants with canapes is there some other type of food you would like ?
4 how about thai food instead ?	of course how about sala thong ? it is a thai restraunt in the west part of town
5 what is the address phone number and price range ?	sala thong is quite expensive the address is 35 newnham road newnham and phone number is 01223 323178 can i help you with anything else ?
6 thank you goodbye	good bye thank you for using the restaurant service

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a 2 star hotel in the north	i have two hotels meeting your criteria ashely hotel located at 74 chesterton road and lovell lodge located at 365 milton road.
2 i would like to book at 74 chesterton road	great how many people will be staying ? also how many days you will be staying ?
3 wait before we do that i should probably check on the prices what sort of room rates am i looking at ?	it appears to be in the moderate price range would that work for you ?
4 yes that would work	okay great so how many people will be staying and for how many nights ?
5 there will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from monday	i was able to book your stay at ashley motel your reference number is kjhyrdca is there anything else today ?
6 okay thank you for everything	thank you enjoy your stay

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town	what kind of food are you interested in having ?
2 dont care but i would like the address and phone number	i recommend pizza hut cherry hinton its phone number is 01223 323737 and their address is g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton
3 which part of town it is in ?	it is located in the south part of town
4 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m looking for an english restaurant that s moderately priced	there are no restaurants matching your request may i help you find a different restaurant ?
2 okay then i m looking for a restaurant with chinese food that s moderately priced	i have four restaurants matching your request would you like to hear them all or narrow your request ?

#restaurant#
1 i need an expensive restaurant in the centre	great ! there are a lot of tasty choices are you in the mood for a specific type of food ?
2 yes indian sounds good to me !	i have many to choose from what about the saffron brasserie ?
3 yeah that sounds great would you reserve me a table for 4 friday at 13:15 please ?	booked your table will be held for 15 minutes your reference number is gbpijp33
4 thanks a bunch ! that s all i needed take care and have a good day	you are welcome enjoy your meal bye

#train#
1 hi ! i need a train to leicester i want to leave after 14:45	no problem what day will that be for ?
2 for thursday please and i want to go to cambridge	tr939 leaves cambridge and goes to leicester at 15:21 would that work for you ?
3 actually i need a train leaving leicester going to cambridge not the reverse	i m sorry yes train tr1575 will arrive in cambridge by 16:54 it leaves leicester at 15:09 can i book it for you ?
4 yes please i need tickets for 5 people and a reference number if possible	you got it 5 tickets were booked reference number is 2ycgd64v
5 thank you for your help	no problem glad to be of assistance

#restaurant#
1 i would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town	there are five restaurants matching your description would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names ?
2 i don t care	frankie and bennys is an expensive italian restaurant in the south part of town
3 can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number ?	it is an italian restaurant and the phone number is 01223 412430

#attraction#
1 i d like to find some place to go on the east side of town	i can certainly suggest something for you i have 10 options do you prefer an entertainment venue or perhaps a museum or park etc ?
2 i would prefer just anything in the east can you give me the address and attraction type of one ?	no problem how does the funky fun house sound ? it is standard entertainment and it is located at 8 mercers row mercers row industrial estate
3 sounds great that s all i needed thank you !	thank you have a good day goodbye

#attraction#
1 thanks i m looking for a place to go on the south	would you prefer a museum or a nightclub ?
2 a museum please	there s one museum called byard art that fits your needs
3 can i get the phone number for that ?	the phone number is 01223464646 what else can i assist with ?
4 no thanks so much !	glad to help please let us know if you need any further assistance

#restaurant#
1 i want a moroccan restaurant	what price range would you like ?
2 any price range will be fine	i am sorry i can t find any moroccan restaurant do you prefer any other type of food ?
3 yes can you find any mediterranean restaurant please	la mimosa is a restaurant serving mediterranean food in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range
4 i would like the address phone number and post code information for la mimosa please thank you !	the phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at thompsons lane fen ditton the postcode is c.b 5 8 aq would you like anything else today ?
5 that s it thank you goodbye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system good bye

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a place called tang chinese	i have located tang chinese it is in the centre of town would you like me to book you ?
2 yes please book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on friday	i am sorry this time is not available another restaurant perhaps ?
3 are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area ?	kymmoy is also in the centre it is an expensive asian restaurant would you like me to book this one for you ?
4 yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant	your booking was successful the reference number is i82b519f is there anything else i can do for you ?
5 thanks that s all i need have a nice day	okay thank you for calling enjoy your dinner

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant i would like something cheap that has chinese food	i ve heard good things about the lucky star need a reservation ?
2 yes could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on saturday ?	your booking was successful the table will be reserved for 15 minutes reference number is : fdlfktzm
3 thank you so much for your help !	you re welcome thank you ! have a good day now !
4 thanks you too goodbye	thank you for using cambridge towninfo centre good-bye

#hotel#
1 i m looking for a guesthouse with free wifi	we have 23 guesthouses offering free wifi do you have other preferences as well ?
2 something in the east please	a and b guest house is available
3 that sounds like it will work do they have a star rating ? if so can i get the postcode	a and b guest house has a four-star rating and their postcode is cb12dp would you like me to book that for you ? i should mention there s no parking
4 no that s okay i just wanted to learn about it thanks !	you are welcome do you need additional information about restaurants or attractions ?
5 no not at this time thanks for your help	you re quite welcome thanks for contacting the cambridge towninfo centre and have a great day !

#restaurant#
1 hi ! can you give me some information on the royal spice restaurant ?	of course ! it s a cheap indian restaurant in the north at victoria avenue chesteron cb41eh the phone number is 01733553355 may i help with anything else ?
2 i would like to book for two on wednesday at 17:15	i have you booked wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2 this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is gxo64lg8
3 great thanks ! that s all i needed !	you re welcome ! have a great day goodbye

#restaurant#
1 hi i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town	i highly recommend meghna it is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on 205 victoria road chesterton would you like me to book it ?
2 that s not necessary can you tell me what price range it s in ?	it is in the moderate range for price
3 perfect how about the phone number and postcode ?	their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410
4 thank you so much for your help !	you re welcome is there anything else i can assist with today ?
5 nope that s all i needed today thanks !	awesome thank you for spending time in cambridge
6 it s one of my favorite places to visit thanks goodbye	you re very welcome ! have a nice day !

#train#
1 i am looking for a train	alright where will you be leaving from or where are you heading ?
2 the train should go to cambridge and should depart from stansted airport	alright i have many options for you depending on the day of the week or times you wish to travel do you have a preference ?
3 leaves at 1900hrs arrives on sunday and booked fir one person.get me the reference number too	booking was successful the total fee is 10.1 gbp payable at the station reference number is : 70mpluw8
4 thank you for your help	thank you goodbye

#restaurant#
1 can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town ?	would you prefer italian or modern european food ?
2 i don t care either one is fine	how about pizza hut cherry hinton it serves italian food is in the moderate price range and in the south part of town
3 could i have the address and phone number please ?	sure pizza hut cherry hinton is located at g4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 413000 is there anything else i can help you with ?
4 no that is all i needed thank you bye bye	goodbye

#restaurant#
1 please find me a corsica restaurant	there are no corsica restaurants would you like something else ?
2 are there any gastropub restaurants ?	there are multiple gastropub restaurants what area are you looking for ?
3 i don t care	there are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub do you have a preference ?
4 could i have the area address and phone number of the moderately priced one please ?	the cow pizza kitchen and bar is located in the city centre on corn exchange street and the number there is 01223 308871 how else may i help you ?
5 thank you goodbye	good day !

#restaurant#
1 is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food ?	what price range are you looking for ?
2 any price range will do	there are no restaurants available matching your criteria would you like to try a different area price range or food type ?
3 are there any restaurants in the centre that serves north american type of food ?	yes the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city would you like their location ?
4 can i get the phone number ?	the phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598
5 thank you good bye	thank you for using the cambridge restaurant system goodbye

#restaurant#
1 i m trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town	okay there are a lots of options what type of food would you like to eat ?
2 belgian food please	i don t have any restaurants that meet that criteria is there another type of food or area you would be interested in ?
3 ok how about chinese food then ?	how about tang chinese ? they are an expensive chinese restaurant at napier street city centre would you like me to make a reservation ?
4 no i don t need a reservation just the phone number and post code please	their phone number is 01223357187 and port code is cb11hr
5 great ! thanks so much	you are quite welcome is there anything further i can assist you with ?
6 no that is all thanks	you re welcome enjoy your meal thank you for contacting the centre goodbye

#hotel#
1 can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking ?	i found 5 guesthouses for you what part of the towns do you prefer to stay ?
2 any area would be fine but do any of the guesthouses have a 3 star rating ?	yes does it matter what part of town ? there is one on the south one on the north and one on the west
3 the area doesn t matter i just need to make sure i have a place to stay for 4 nights starting saturday	all right i can make a reservation at the bridge guest house if you tell me how many people are in your group
4 3 people	i do not have that hotel at that time should i try for a shorter stay ?
5 how about just 1 night ?	okay you are booked at the bridge guest house for 1 night (saturday) your reference number is nvyyu4ml can i help with anything else ?
6 thanks so much i can t wait bye	don t mention it i hope you guys have a blast

#restaurant#
1 i am looking for a restaurant serving persian food in the expensive price range	i m sorry there aren t any expensive persian restaurants would you like me to check for a different type of food ?
2 how about any restaurant in the centre ?	there are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town which cuisine type would you prefer ?
3 i think i d like to try indian food are there any of those in the center of town ?	there are 6 restaurants that fit your request curry garden the golden curry saffron brasserie panahar curry king and curry queen
4 any of them would be fine	alright shall i make a reservation for the curry king ?
5 yes please for 3 people t 15:30 on friday thank you	okay done the reference number for your table is bvk9xzpj and it is only reserved for 15 minutes
6 that s awesome thanks that s all i need !	you re welcome bon appetit !

#restaurant#
1 i would like a restaurant that serves irish food	i am sorry i can t find any restaurant serving irish food in this town do you have another type of food in your mind ?
2 how about european food in any price range ?	i found 10 restaurants do you have a specific area or price range in mind ?
3 i don t care about the price as long as it s european can you recommend one ?	cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the expensive price range
4 may i have their address and phone number please ?	the address is cambridge lodge hotel 139 huntingdon road city centre and the phone number is 01223 355166
5 thank you goodbye	thank you goodbye

#hotel#
1 i want to find a hotel in the moderate price range i don t need free parking	there are several hotels in that price range do you have a particular area of town you are interested in staying in ?
2 yes i need it to be in the north	i have two hotels one located at 63 milton road and 62 gilbert road ? which one would you like for me to book you for ?
3 are either of them 4 star hotels ? because that s what i need	the avalon guesthouse has a 4 star rating would you like me to book a reservation ?
4 yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from saturday ?	i am sorry that booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another hotel ?
5 how about a different hotel in the same price range ?	the alpha-milton guest house is 3 stars it doesn t have internet or parking is that okay ? i could try another area too
6 that s fine can you try booking that for me ?	that booking was successful may i help you with anything else today ?
7 no thank you that s everything i need	glad i could be of help
8 yes thank you	you re welcome good-bye

#train#
1 i m looking for a train the train should leave after 09:00 and should go to broxbourne	what day will this be on ?
2 on sunday	tr941 leaves at 9:01 would you like me to book it ?
3 yes please i need that booked for 8 people	i was able to get you 8 tickets your reference number is v2xtdmk6 can i help you with anything else ?
4 no thank you that is all for now have a great day	you re welcome have a great trip !

#hotel#
1 hi can you help me find a place to stay on the north side ?	i have 13 hotels on the north side of town do you have any preferences for price range internet or parking ?
2 yes are there any expensive ones ? i also would like free parking as well	unfortunately i can t find any expensive hotels with free parking
3 how about something in the moderate range ?	i found the acorn guest house can i book this for you ?
4 that sounds great ! can you see if you can get me a room starting friday ? we ll be staying 4 nights and there will be 2 of us	ok you re all set for 4 nights at the acorn reference #9pd946fd can i help with anything else today ?
5 no that s all i need i appreciate your help !	have a great day !

